Army explosives experts were called out to deal with a suspect package at the offices on the Newtownards Road on Friday night . Roads were sealed off and traffic diverted as a controlled explosion was carried out . The premises , used by East Belfast MP Naomi Long , have been targeted a number of times . Most recently , petrol bomb attacks were carried out on the offices on consecutive nights in April and May . The attacks began following a Belfast City Council vote in December 2012 restricting the flying of the union flag at the City Hall . Condemning the latest hoax , Alliance MLA Chris Lyttle said : `` It is a serious incident for the local area , it causes serious disruption , it puts people 's lives at risk , it can prevent emergency services reaching the area . `` Ultimately we need people with information to share that with the police in order for them to do their job and bring these people to justice . ''	A suspicious package left outside an Alliance Party office in east Belfast has been declared a hoax .
The warning begins at 22:00 GMT on Saturday and ends at 10:00 on Sunday . The ice could lead to difficult driving conditions on untreated roads and slippery conditions on pavements , the weather service warned . Only the southernmost counties and parts of the most westerly counties are expected to escape . Counties expected to be affected are Carmarthenshire , Powys , Ceredigion , Pembrokeshire , Denbighshire , Gwynedd , Wrexham , Conwy , Flintshire , Anglesey , Monmouthshire , Blaenau Gwent , Caerphilly , Merthyr Tydfil , Neath Port Talbot , Rhondda Cynon Taff and Torfaen .	The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for ice across most of Wales .
Tony Fisher 's body was found by his son in Coningswath Road in Carlton , Nottingham , on 9 January . Jaydon Robert Barton and Nathan Barton , both 22 , were charged with murder and appeared in court on Saturday . Marcus Barton , 41 , was charged with Mr Fisher 's murder in January and remains in custody . Vincent Hawkins , 32 , of Handel Street , Nottingham , has also been charged with assisting an offender and will appear at Nottingham Magistrates ' Court alongside Jaydon and Nathan Barton . Detectives believe Mr Fisher , 58 , was `` targeted '' because it was thought he had a `` large amount of money in the house '' . Marcus Barton , of Raymede Drive , Bestwood , who also goes by the name Marcus Pegg , is due to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on 13 May . Nottinghamshire Police said officers have arrested a total of 18 people during their investigation . Aside from the four people charged , one 42-year-old man remains on bail pending further enquiries . All others have been released without charge .	Two more men have been charged with the murder of another man who was found stabbed to death in his home following a suspected burglary .
Thompson , 43 , has worked alongside Clark at Birmingham and Blackpool . `` He has a great knowledge of the game and , coupled with the staff who are already here , I am looking forward to working with them all , '' said Clark . Saturday 's 2-1 win at Chesterfield was Clark 's first game in charge after he left Scottish club Kilmarnock to join League One Bury on Wednesday .	Bury have confirmed ex-Celtic and England midfielder Alan Thompson as new manager Lee Clark 's assistant boss .
Unidentified perpetrators in Mainhausen near Offenbach had bricked it up during the night , police told local media . It could have been built within minutes , they said , and the motive is unclear - possibly a joke , an act of revenge , or a bet . Police are searching for several people . The damage to the property is estimated at â‚¬500 ( Â£425 ) . `` It reminded me of the building of the Berlin Wall , '' a police spokesman told the local Hessenshau news portal ( in German ) . `` That went up pretty quickly , too . '' But he added : `` It 's a crime and no joke . '' Janet Jackson , 50 , gives birth to boy Chinese paper 's sweary New Year puzzle Sweden 's best-selling car not a Volvo	A man in central Germany tried to leave his house by the front door only to find a brick wall there .
The seven-minute show , beginning on Wednesday , will turn the works of five prominent indigenous artists into a permanent part of the city 's skyline . The show , Badu Gili , means `` water light '' in the language of the site 's traditional owners , the Gadigal people . Organisers say it celebrates time-honoured stories with contemporary art . `` It combines music and images to create a gateway to Australia 's First Nations history and culture for the 8.2 million people who visit the opera house each year , '' said curator Rhoda Roberts . The animation features works by Jenuarrie ( Judith Warrie ) , Frances Belle Parker , Alick Tipoti , Lin Onus and Minnie Pwerle . It will debut at 17:45 local time ( 07:45 GMT ) on Wednesday . Spectacular art installations most recently lit up the opera house for Vivid Sydney , a light festival .	A vibrant animation telling stories of indigenous Australia will be projected on to the Sydney Opera House every night at sunset .
Shocked by the incident and other similar attacks on Africans in India , independent photographer Mahesh Shantaram began documenting the lives of Africans living in India . Beginning with Bangalore , Shantaram travelled to the cities of Jaipur , Delhi and Manipal , choosing to focus on students , as they are a small and vulnerable group . Shantaram 's series of intimate portraits is part of an upcoming exhibition organised by Tasveer . `` Each portrait plays a part in unravelling the complex web of experiences of Africans in India that , put together , paint a picture of loneliness , placelessness and a sense of hostility , '' says art expert Caroline Bertram , in an original text on the exhibition .	In January , a Tanzanian student was assaulted and partially stripped by a mob in the southern Indian city of Bangalore after a Sudanese student 's car ran over and killed a local woman .
The win keeps the Candystripes two points behind leaders Dundalk who won 2-0 away to Shamrock Rovers . Former Plymouth striker Patterson scored his sixth goal of the season in the 14th minute at the Brandywell . He shot into an empty net after the ball broke to him when keeper Dean Delany thwarted Barry McNamee . Kurtis Byrne should have netted a speedy equaliser but the son of former Celtic player Paul Byrne completely missed his kick in front of goal . That was the one big scare for Kenny Shiels ' men on a night when both keepers had a quiet night . Derry City have won six and drawn two in the eight games they have played since losing to Finn Harps on the first day of the season .	Rory Patterson 's early goal proved enough to give second-placed Derry City a home victory over Bohemians in Friday night 's Premier Division clash .
An independent panel appointed by Toshiba found institutional accounting irregularities , the firm said in a statement to investors . Toshiba said it `` takes the situation it has caused very seriously '' and that it `` deeply apologised '' to shareholders . The overstatement was roughly triple an initial Toshiba estimate . The probe could lead to a restatement of earnings , a board overhaul and potential action by regulators . `` Within Toshiba , there was a corporate culture in which one could not go against the wishes of superiors , '' the report said . `` Therefore , when top management presented 'challenges ' , division presidents , line managers and employees below them continually carried out inappropriate accounting practices to meet targets in line with the wishes of their superiors . '' The improper accounting practices stretched back to 2008 .	Toshiba overstated its operating profit by a total of 151.8bn yen ( $ 1.22bn , £780m ) over several years , according to the findings of a probe .
The 29-year-old , who had only joined from AC Milan three days earlier , was accidentally caught on the right side of his head by Lorient midfielder Didier Ndong 15 minutes into the match . `` Jeremy was operated on under local anaesthesia on Wednesday night to sew up his ear , '' Bordeaux said . `` We wish a speedy recovery to our player and hope to see him back soon . '' Gabon international Ndong said : `` I apologise to Jeremy Menez , and to Bordeaux , and hope to see him back in Ligue 1 action soon . `` It was completely involuntary but had unfortunate consequences for him . ''	Bordeaux 's France international forward Jeremy Menez lost part of his right ear in a pre-season game with FC Lorient .
The event aims to give an insight into mountain terrains and culture and offers film makers the chance to show their work to a wider audience . The two-day festival at George Square Lecture Theatre in Edinburgh . Tickets for the event , which starts on Saturday , start at Â£6 . Stevie Christie , Edinburgh Mountain film festival director , explains : `` Whether you are a committed outdoor enthusiast or more of an armchair fan , or if you simply enjoy hearing enthralling stories set against incredibly beautiful scenery , there is something for you at the EMFF . `` And if you wish you could have adventures like the ones you see but ca n't find the time in your life , we even have a short film which tells you the solution . ''	Feats of daring and adventure in some of the world 's most challenging landscapes will be showcased this weekend at the annual Edinburgh Mountain Film Festival .
The travel documentary Bath : Queen of the West , filmed in 1952 and presented by Richard Dimbleby , was found in 2010 . It was uncovered on some dusty old reels in the corner of the projection room in Bath 's Little Theatre cinema . It is thought the cinema screened the footage in the 1960s but forgot to return it . The British Film Institute ( BFI ) confirmed the footage had been considered lost for years . The film depicts a post-war Bath before redevelopment work took place in the 1960s and with walls still covered in soot . Dick Fiddy , of the BFI , said : `` This is a genuine new find from the early days of TV and an intriguing travelogue featuring a fascinating look at Bath of the 1950s . '' Broadcast as part of the About Britain series , the programme takes in the Roman Baths where Dimbleby talks to the assistant curator about excavations on the site . The programme also features a history of the city and looks at the Georgian architecture of Prior Park , the Royal Crescent and Circus . Bath : Queen of the West is being screened at the Little Theatre on Sunday at 15:00 BST .	Long-lost footage of Bath is to receive a special screening in the city at the cinema in which it was re-discovered .
Several of them died around the Syrian border town of Kobane , Attorney General George Brandis . Mr Brandis said Islamic State ( IS ) militants were using Australian recruits as `` cannon fodder '' . About 70 Australians are still believed to be fighting in the Middle East , while another 20 have returned home . Australia has introduced legislation to combat the threat from those fighters who come back home . Propaganda had fooled Australian recruits who believed they were playing an important role in a religious crusade , Mr Brandis said . `` They are simply using them as frontline cannon fodder , suicide bombers and propaganda tools . '' Among those reportedly killed in Syria is Sydney man Mohammad Ali Baryalei , an alleged IS recruiter who was accused of masterminding a terror plot to behead random members of the Australian public . Under a Foreign Fighters Bill that adopted by the Australian parliament in October , it is an offence for Australians to visit areas declared as `` terror hot-spots '' . Last week , Foreign Minister Julie Bishop used this provision to declare it an offence for Australians to visit the de-facto IS capital of Raqqa in Syria without a valid reason . Australians face up to 10 years in prison for illegally visiting the region .	At least 20 Australians have been killed fighting alongside militants in Iraq and Syria , the Australian government has said .
The stone memorial is on the banks of Llyn Egnant - one of the famous Teifi pools - near the village of Ffair Rhos in Ceredigion . He died last year at the age of 86 . A prominent figure in the Welsh fishing community , Mr Morgan once took the former US President Jimmy Carter on a fishing trip in mid Wales and they became great friends . The stone memorial was unveiled by his widow , Julia Morgan . He was described as the `` grand-daddy of game angling in Wales '' by Cheryl Bulman , of Tregaron Angling Association , which is celebrating its centenary year . She said that Mr Morgan , the Teifi River and Tregaron Angling Association were `` intrinsically linked '' .	A memorial has been unveiled in Ceredigion to commemorate the acclaimed fisherman and broadcaster Moc Morgan .
The man was arrested as he waited to board a plane at Johannesburg airport . Officials said a scan of his body revealed the diamonds he had ingested , worth $ 2.3m ( Â£1.4m ; 1.8m euros ) , inside . The man was reportedly of Lebanese origin and was travelling to Dubai . `` We nabbed him just before he went through the security checkpoint , '' Paul Ramaloko , spokesman of the South Africa elite police unit the Hawks said , according to Agence France Presse . Authorities believe the man belongs to a smuggling ring . Another man was arrested in March also attempting to smuggle diamonds out the country in a similar way . South Africa is among the world 's top producers of diamonds .	South African police have arrested a man who they say swallowed 220 polished diamonds in an attempt to smuggle them out of the country .
Arteta , 34 , retired from playing at the end of last season after five years at Emirates Stadium . He won two FA Cups with Arsenal , making 150 appearances and scoring 17 goals . `` I have always been interested in more than just the playing side , '' said Arteta , describing working under Guardiola as `` an amazing opportunity '' . Arteta was seen crying after his final Arsenal match , a 4-0 win over Aston Villa on the last day of the Premier League season in May . He began his career at Spanish giants Barcelona and had spells at Paris St-Germain , Rangers and Real Sociedad before moving to Everton . Guardiola 's first game since succeeding Manuel Pellegrini as City boss will be against Manchester United in a pre-season tournament in China on 25 July . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Former Arsenal midfielder Mikel Arteta has taken up a coaching role at Manchester City under new manager Pep Guardiola .
Jamie Walsh 's body was found after officers were called to a disturbance at a flat in Wren Road at about 19:10 on Thursday . The arrested man is expected to appear at Greenock Sheriff Court on Monday .	A 37-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the `` senseless '' death of a 23-year-old man in Greenock .
The Iron Man actor offered the chance to join him on the red carpet for the world premiere of his new film Marvel 's Avengers : Age of Ultron in Los Angeles . Dorset-based charity , Julia 's House , has now raised more than half of the £3m needed to build the new hospice . Chief executive Martin Edwards said it was `` absolutely surreal '' for someone as famous as Downey Jr to lend support . He said the money meant the charity could now `` go shopping '' to buy land for its new building . The as-yet-unnamed winner will be flown to the United States , where he or she will be fitted for a tuxedo or ball gown before arriving at the premiere as part of the motorcade . A helicopter flight over Los Angeles is also included in the prize .	A raffle prize offered by Robert Downey Jr has helped raise nearly £1m for new children 's hospice in Wiltshire .
Discarded chewing gum was also seen on three-quarters of streets surveyed for Keep Wales Tidy , while dog fouling was found on one in 10 . Despite this , 96 % of streets were graded as acceptable to the public . Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant said `` everybody '' was responsible for keeping streets clean . Keep Wales Tidy said smoking-related litter - which is predominantly made up of cigarette butts - was difficult to clean up . It could also affect the environment and wildlife by contaminating water supplies with toxic chemicals , it added . Chief executive Lesley Jones said : `` I would emphasise that it is n't just the responsibility of local authorities to clean up an area , but everyone who lives , works , visits a street , park , beach , city , town or village to keep it clean and create a good environment for all . '' Its research - published in the All Wales Report ( How Clean are our Streets ? ) - was funded by the Welsh government .	Streets in Wales are blighted by discarded cigarette butts , with 86 % of roads strewn with smoking-related litter , a charity 's survey shows .
The new recruits will work on the production of the Q30 model - the first large scale manufacturing of a new car brand in the UK for 23 years . This will be followed by a second smaller Infiniti model , the QX30 . The company , which employs nearly 6,800 staff , said it was the `` beginning of a new era '' . The cars will be targeted at the Chinese and North American markets .	Nissan is creating up to 300 jobs at its plant in Sunderland to work on the car firm 's luxury Infiniti brand .
Aberdeen Coastguard said the alert was raised close to the entrance to the port shortly after 08:00 . The animal had broken free while being loaded onto a transport float . The cow was shot by police marksmen about five hours later . Police Scotland said humane destruction was a `` last resort '' but public safety and animal welfare had to be a priority . The cow was starting to be swept away when the decision was taken to shoot it . A NorthLink Ferries spokesperson said : `` The animal was being loaded onto a road transport float when the incident occurred . '' An Aberdeen Harbour spokesperson said the port had remained open , with vessel entry being taken on a `` case-by-case basis '' . An animal sanctuary had offered to take the cow if it had been possible to rescue it .	A cow which got into the water at Aberdeen Harbour has been shot after a rescue effort failed to coax it ashore .
The 33-year-old was released by Norwich this summer after five years at the club , during which time he made 75 Canaries first-team appearances . Turner also had spells on loan at Fulham and Sheffield Wednesday during his time at Carrow Road . In total , the centre-back has made 436 senior career appearances for eight different clubs . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Southend United have signed former Hull and Norwich defender Michael Turner on a one-year deal .
Mr Siddall , 24 , from Skellow in Doncaster , was found dead at his home at around 05:20 BST on Friday . South Yorkshire Police said there were reports he had been assaulted in the VDKA bar in Silver Street , Doncaster , shortly after 23:00 BST on Thursday . A post-mortem examination concluded that Mr Siddall died as a result of a head injury . Police said the inquiry was in its very early stages and there were many more witnesses to speak to before they established what happened . A spokesman said : `` We believe there are a number of people who were at the bar in Silver Street , Doncaster , between 23:00 and 23:30 BST on Thursday 13 August who have not yet spoken to us who could potentially help with our inquiry . `` If you have not yet spoken to police , please call 101 . ''	A 22-year-old man arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of Lewis Siddall has been released on bail .
United contacted St Johnstone this week with a view to speaking to 52-year-old Wright about the job but this approach was rejected by the Saints board . The Tannadice club - bottom of the Premiership - are seeking to replace Jackie McNamara , who left last month . Dave Bowman took the first team for Saturday 's loss to Partick Thistle . The Tangerines have won only once this season and prop up the table with five points from 10 games . Former Northern Ireland goalkeeper Wright , who replaced Steve Lomas at McDiarmid Park in 2013 , led St Johnstone to Scottish Cup success in his first season in charge . He has also secured two successive top-six finishes for the Perth side and previously managed in his homeland .	St Johnstone boss Tommy Wright is no longer under consideration for the Dundee United manager 's job , BBC Scotland has learned .
The 23-year-old made himself unavailable for the Bees ' game against Burnley in January , which Sean Dyche 's side won 3-1 , after rumours of a move to Turf Moor . The former Oldham centre-back , who has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal , had since returned to training . He is not available for the game against Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday . `` James is a player I have known for a couple of seasons and I 've monitored his progress from Oldham , right the way through to now , '' boss Dyche told the club website . `` He is at a good age , has gained a lot of experience over the last couple of seasons and I feel he can be a big part of us going forwards in the future . '' The Bees have also announced Ryan Williams , Montell Moore and Josh Laurent have left the club by mutual consent . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Burnley have completed the signing of Brentford defender James Tarkowski for an undisclosed fee .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 2 November 2014 Last updated at 17:20 GMT Homes and businesses were damaged in the storm , but weather experts were not able to confirm it was a tornado . Navtej Johal reports .	Residents in Coalville in Leicestershire are cleaning up after high winds hit the town .
5 August 2015 Last updated at 06:36 BST She 's now 84 and has been telling Newsround the inspiring story of her life before and after that devastating and world-changing event . This animation contains some sad moments that you might find upsetting . You can find out more about what happened in Hiroshima here . Watch 'Hiroshima : A Newsround Special ' - Thursday 6 August at 5.30pm on the CBBC channel and on the Newsround website .	Bun Hashizume was 14 years old and lived in Hiroshima , in Japan , when a nuclear bomb was dropped on the city 70 years ago , at the end of World War Two .
But what has been your moment of the year ? From Ben Stokes ' 258 off 198 balls against South Africa to Stuart Broad 's 6-17 against the same opponents , and Alastair Cook being the first Englishman to reach 10,000 Test runs , there are lots of highlights . Or perhaps you revelled in Australia being skittled for just 85 ? Or the dog that invaded the pitch at Vizag ? The cricket brains of BBC Sport and BBC Radio 5 live asked you to rank your top 10 , and your shortlist will be revealed on Tuesday 's Tuffers and Vaughan Cricket Show ( 20:30 GMT , BBC Radio 5 live and online ) . Votes will no longer count but you can still pick your top 10 and share with friends . What are your top 10 cricketing moments from this year ?	It 's been topsy-turvy for the England side but eventful and entertaining nonetheless .
The men had no life jackets and ended up in the water after their 16ft ( 4.8m ) boat overturned at speed before sinking off Seaton , coastguards said . The anglers were rescued near the mouth of the River Axe by a passing boat at about 06:00 BST . Coastguards said the three men were unharmed . Portland Coastguard watch officer Roger Hoare said : `` These three men are extremely lucky to be alive after making such a basic error as leaving their life jackets at home . ''	Three anglers are `` extremely lucky to be alive '' after being rescued from a capsized boat off the Devon coast , Portland Coastguards have said .
They take on Leinster on Saturday in what is their first pool game following last Sunday 's postponement in Toulon following the Paris attacks . `` I 'd be lying if I said we did n't think we could win it , '' Watson told BBC Radio Bristol . `` We 've got everything we need to be able to do it . `` It 's about us showing European rugby what we can do . '' Watson , 21 , has returned to the Bath set up after being involved in England 's doomed World Cup campaign . The hosts failed to make it out of the pool stages of the competitions and Watson admitted he was still hurting after the tournament . `` It 's massively disappointing , '' he added . `` I feel like we let the country down . '' `` To come so close against Wales and then lose so soundly to Australia was massively disappointing . We 've got to collectively learn from it . '' And he admitted with a new head coach in place , following the appointment of Eddie Jones , he already had one eye on next year 's Six Nations Championship . `` Our only option is to build on it and go forward as a country and hopefully we 'll get to do the nation proud at the Six Nations , '' he said . `` It 's massively important for us to right some wrongs and put on some good performances to reward the fans for their continued support . ''	Bath back Anthony Watson believes his side can win the European Champions Cup this season .
Work , which will see the track double between Rossett and Saltney junction , was meant to be finished by 2015 . North Wales AM Mark Isherwood said he was pleased , but found it `` disappointing it has taken so long . '' Network Rail said it had been working with train operators and local authorities to get the track access required for the project . In November 2015 , the company blamed `` setbacks '' for further delays which pushed the completion date for work back to 2016 . Mr Isherwood said : `` The delays have been incredibly frustrating for passengers who travel between Wrexham and Chester . I will be keeping a close eye on progress , ensuring that my constituents are n't further let down . '' The scheme will see 5.5 miles ( 8.9km ) of track doubled , enabling more train services to operate every hour . Level crossings at Green Lane , Balderton , Pulford and Broad Oak are also being upgraded . A Network Rail spokesman said : `` We will continue to update passengers , the local community and elected representatives of our progress as we work with our industry partners to reduce journey times and enable more trains to run between north and south Wales , as well as delivering significant safety improvements to four level crossings between Wrexham and Chester . ''	Delayed upgrades to the railway line between Wrexham and Chester will start in spring .
The local authority spent Â£2m on fuel for its fleet between April and December last year , its audit and scrutiny committee has heard . Reducing the chances of workers making personal use of vehicles is seen as a way of helping to cut the fuel bill . Councillor Richard Laird said only `` a small minority '' of staff were involved . However , Mr Laird , who is the audit committee 's chairman , welcomed the council 's decision to install tracking devices on all its vehicles . He told BBC Alba : `` There is anecdotal evidence that a handful , or a small minority , of council staff are maybe using their council vehicle for domestic purposes . `` At the moment it is only the heavy fleet that gets tracked and the bulk of the council 's fleet is a light fleet . '' Tracking is now to be rolled out across the light fleet so that movements of all the council 's vehicles can be checked .	All Highland Council vehicles are to be tracked following reports of alleged misuses by staff , including the use of a van for transporting sheep .
The actress was 19 when she was cast opposite Brando in Bernardo Bertolucci 's controversial 1972 film . It saw her play a young Parisian who embarks on a sexually charged relationship with his middle-aged American businessman . The film was banned in several countries due to its explicit content . Born in 1952 in Paris , Schneider was the daughter of French actor Daniel Gelin . She began her film career in uncredited roles before being given her first break in 1970 film Madly . Last Tango in Paris provoked such controversy that the actress resolved never to do nude scenes again . Yet she was briefly seen naked three years later in Jack Nicholson film The Passenger , albeit in long shot . Schneider battled drug addiction in the 1970s but went on to star in mostly low-budget European films . She was last seen on the big screen in 2008 French film Cliente , about a married construction worker who leads a double life as a gigolo .	French actress Maria Schneider , best known for playing Marlon Brando 's lover in Last Tango in Paris , has died in Paris aged 58 after a long illness .
Maintenance on the cable-stayed bridge on the A548 over the River Dee will see it closed to traffic for several weekends in the coming two months . The bridge crossing will also be reduced to one lane during weekdays . Restrictions will be lifted during the Wales Rally GB in the second week of November . Highways network manager Barry Wilkinson said : `` We appreciate these works may cause some inconvenience but ask for the patience of the travelling public whilst this essential maintenance is carried out . ''	Work is under way on Flintshire Bridge which links Connah 's Quay and Shotton to a major industrial estate , Wirral and Chester .
The 34-year-old father-of-two was killed after being hit by a vehicle which mounted a central reservation in Merseyside on 5 October . Georgia Clarke , 19 , of Wallasey , Dawn Cooper , 34 , of Wallasey and Michael Smith , 19 , of Gateacre are due at Wirral Magistrates ' Court later . An 18-year-old man has been charged with PC Phillips 's murder . Clayton Williams , of Wheatland Lane , Wallasey , is accused of murder , attempting to wound another police officer , aggravated theft of a motor vehicle and burglary . Phillip Stuart , 30 , of Oxton , was charged with aggravated taking of a vehicle and burglary . Both have been remanded in custody until 22 October .	Three people have been charged with assisting an offender following the death of PC Dave Phillips .
The firm will receive Â£7.3m from Scottish Enterprise as part of a research and development grant - the country 's largest ever grant of this type . The money will go to its low carbon vehicles programme , which is part of the plans to double turnover by 2020 . First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is visiting the firm on Monday . ADL is the UK 's biggest bus manufacturer , employing 2,500 globally including more than 1,000 staff at its base at Larbert , near Falkirk . Its low carbon project aims to take advantage of the growing global demand for hybrid and electric buses Ahead of her visit , Ms Sturgeon said the company was `` a true Scottish success story '' . She added : `` This new grant funding , the highest ever research and development award by Scottish Enterprise , will create 101 new jobs and secure a further 126 jobs in ADL 's low carbon vehicles project . `` The project is integral to ADL 's growth and export strategy to capture more of the increasing global demand for environmentally friendly buses . `` We 'll continue to work with manufacturers like ADL to innovate and expand and we 'll set out further measures to grow the Scottish economy later this week . ''	More than 100 jobs are to be created at Falkirk-based bus manufacturer Alexander Dennis Limited ( ADL ) .
The victims managed to call 999 after getting to a petrol station in Tudor Street , Riverside , following the assault in Despenser Gardens . Both men were taken to hospital following the incident which happened at about 19:00 BST on Friday . South Wales Police said the men were in a stable condition , and appealed for information .	Two men are in hospital with significant injuries after a knife attack in Cardiff , police have said .
Every single Bramley apple ever eaten can be traced back to a 200-year-old tree that is still growing in Southwell in Nottinghamshire . It grew from a pip sown by a young girl called Mary Ann Brailsford in 1809 . The apples are now so popular that 83,000 tonnes of them - approximately 400 million apples - were grown in Britain in 2014 . The Bramley Apple Festival was organised with the help of Roger Merryweather , great-grandson of Henry Merryweather , the first person to grow the trees commercially . `` Here we are 200 years since the first pip was sown and it 's still a very popular cooking apple , '' said Mr Merryweather . `` The tree is showing a little bit of wear and tear as you can expect , but it bore fruit this year . `` How many more years it has to go , who knows ? '' Mr Merryweather said the Bramley became popular because of its strong growth , the qualities of the fruit , and also because it can be stored for a long time . He believes the National Federation of Women 's Institutes has also done a lot to promote the qualities of the Bramley in cooking .	The renowned Bramley apple has been celebrated with a festival in the town where they originate from .
A section of Victoria Park , in the Partick area of the city , was cordoned off on Friday while police forensic experts examined the scene . Officers have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to come forward . A Police Scotland spokeswoman said the assault is reported to have taken place between 01:00 and 02:00 . Inquiries are ongoing .	A 20-year-old woman was raped in a park in Glasgow in the early hours of Friday .
The study , by the UN and the government on the most recent available data , said almost all the deaths were murders . More than half of those killed were young men under the age of 30 - two-thirds were described as black . The Brazilian Congress is debating a controversial bill that would limit access to firearms . Gun crime murders have been dropping in the states of Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo but rising in the north and northeast of the country . The northern state of Alagoas is the most violent , with fifty-five gun deaths per hundred thousand inhabitants . The report says a slow justice system and flawed police investigations as well as the widespread availability of firearms are to blame . It says Brazil has become a society which tolerates guns to resolve `` all sorts of disputes , in most cases for very banal and circumstantial reasons . '' A law to ban the carrying of guns in public and control illegal ownership came into effect in 2004 . It tightened rules on gun permits and create a national firearms register , with strict penalties for owning an unregistered gun .	A report on violence in Brazil says around 42,000 people were shot dead in 2012 - the highest figures for gun crime in 35 years .
Councillors supported a recommendation to shut Angle , Stackpole and Orielton primary schools at an extraordinary meeting on Thursday . Figures show the cost of running these are between 24 % and 65 % greater than the county average . A new replacement school is likely to be built at Hundleton . A Welsh medium school is also set for Haverfordwest . At the same meeting , councillors voted unanimously to establish a new school in Haverfordwest for children from 3 to 16 . While the exact location has yet to be decided , it will be Pembrokeshire 's second Welsh medium secondary school . St Davids councillor David Lloyd called it `` a very important day for the Welsh language in Little England beyond Wales '' - referring to the traditional nickname for parts of the county .	Three schools are to close on Pembrokeshire 's Angle Peninsula because of declining pupil numbers .
1 March 2016 Last updated at 17:24 GMT The simultaneous voting across a number of states became known as Super Tuesday in 1984 . In the majority of cases , candidates who have fared well in Super Tuesdays have traditionally gone on to contest the presidential election for their party . Video produced by BBC Rewind	As 11 US states cast their vote for presidential nominees , BBC Rewind looks back on Super Tuesdays of the past .
Work on the substation at Twineham , near Haywards Heath , West Sussex , will be followed by preparations for cabling across the South Downs National Park . Energy firm E.On said offshore construction on the 116-turbine Rampion wind farm would begin early next year . The number of turbines was cut from 175 to reduce the impact on the sea views . The Â£1.3bn wind farm eight miles off the Sussex coast could produce enough electricity for about 300,000 homes and create up to 450 jobs . E.On has said it would reduce CO2 emissions by up to 600,000 tonnes a year . The turbines , between Peacehaven and Worthing , will be visible from beaches along the coast including at Brighton , and from the national park . `` This huge investment is a vote of confidence in the UK , creating local jobs , bringing business opportunities and providing clean , home-grown energy , '' said Energy and Climate Change Secretary Amber Rudd , MP for Hastings and Rye . Construction of the wind farm is expected to be completed in 2018 .	Construction of an electricity substation to serve the first wind farm off the south coast of England is to start next month .
The barrier is made of sand banks and water trenches . It was announced last summer after 38 people were killed on a beach by a gunman said to have trained in Libya . Tunisia 's defence minister said the second phase of the project would involve installing electronic equipment with the help of Germany and the US . Security forces said the defences - which aim to make the border impassable by vehicles - had already helped to reduce smuggling . `` Today we finished closing it off , and this will help us protect our border , and stop the threat , '' said Defence Minister Farhat Horchani on Saturday . More than 3,000 Tunisians have left to fight with the Islamic State ( IS ) group and other Islamist militants in Syria and Iraq but Mr Horchani said many had since returned to join the group in Libya . Libya has been beset by instability since the overthrow of former leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 and currently has two rival governments . IS took control of Sirte , Gaddafi 's hometown , last year .	Tunisia says it has completed the first part of a 200km ( 125-mile ) barrier along its border with Libya , designed to deter terrorism .
The former Rangers and Sunderland boss , 70 , announced in March he would be leaving Turkish side Fenerbahce at the end of this season . Advocaat , who will be assisted by ex-Chelsea manager Ruud Gullit , replaces the sacked Danny Blind . Blind lost his job after a 2-0 loss to Bulgaria left the Netherlands fourth in their World Cup qualifying group . The team also failed to reach last summer 's European Championships . The Dutch Football Association ( KNVB ) confirmed the appointments of Advocaat and Gullit at a news conference on Tuesday . In his previous spells as national team coach , Advocaat led the Netherlands to the 1994 World Cup quarter-finals and the semi-finals of Euro 2004 . Fenerbahce are third in the Super Lig , eight points behind leaders Besiktas , with four games to go .	The Netherlands have appointed Dick Advocaat as head coach for a third time .
The US economy added a better-than-expected 255,000 jobs in July , fuelling speculation that the Federal Reserve could increase interest rates before the end of the year . The jobs figures also led to the yen weakening against the dollar , which helped shares in Japanese exporters . In Tokyo , Japan 's Nikkei 225 index closed 2.4 % higher at 16,650.57 . Australia 's ASX 200 index ended the day up 0.7 % at 5,537.84 . Shares in the mining sector were bolstered by strengthening iron ore prices , with Rio Tinto up 1.1 % and BHP Billiton 2.2 % higher . In China , Hong Kong 's Hang Seng rose 1.6 % to 22,494.76 while the mainland Shanghai Composite ended the day 0.9 % higher at 3,004.28 . The gains came despite weaker-than-expected Chinese trade figures . The country 's exports fell by 4.4 % in July compared with a year earlier , which is a slight improvement over June 's 4.8 % drop but still worse than analysts had been expecting . Imports were also weaker than estimated , down by 12.5 % . South Korea 's benchmark Kospi index rose 0.65 % to 2,031.12 .	Japanese shares enjoyed a strong start to the week , following Friday 's strong US jobs figures .
Part of the Broad Road was closed to traffic on Sunday at about 18:00 GMT . The three adults and three children have been taken to Altnagelvin Hospital with non life-threatening injuries . The Fire Service , Northern Ireland Ambulance Service and police attended the crash . The Broad Road has since been reopened .	Three adults and three children have been taken to hospital following a crash involving a tractor and a campervan in Limavady , County Londonderry .
The Scots , who finished fourth at the round-robin stage , lost the 3 v 4 play-off 8-5 as Anna Hasselborg 's Swedes reached Saturday 's semi-final . However , Sweden were beaten 9-3 by Russia , who had lost to Canada in Friday 's 1 v 2 play-off . Eve Muirhead 's rink take on Sweden ( 03:00 BST ) before Canada meet Russia in the final ( 08:00 ) . The Canadians led the standings at the end of the round-robin stage while Scotland beat Germany and Czech Republic on Thursday to clinch fourth place . Click here to watch Scotland v Sweden on the BBC Sport website from 03:00 on Sunday . Sweden 8-5 Scotland Russia 9-3 Sweden Canada 7-3 Russia Canada 11-0 ( qualified ) Russia 8-3 ( qualified ) Sweden 8-3 ( qualified ) Scotland 7-4 ( qualified ) USA 6-5 Korea 5-6 Czech Republic 5-6 Switzerland 5-6 Germany 5-6 Italy 3-8 China 2-9 Denmark 1-10 Media playback is not supported on this device	Scotland will meet Sweden in Sunday 's bronze medal match at the World Women 's Curling Championship .
The wild bird was found on Moseley New Pool at Swanshurst Park , Swanshurst Lane , Moseley , by a passer-by . It was taken to the RSPCA Birmingham Animal Hospital for emergency treatment . Vets said it was expected to make a full recovery . The bird is now recovering and the charity has appealed for witnesses to the attack on Saturday to come forward . More stories from Birmingham and the Black Country Insp Boris Lasserre said : `` The bolt has gone right through the lower part of the goose 's head . Incredibly he was still alive . `` He was taken to the RSPCA Birmingham Animal Hospital for treatment and X-rays to establish the damage that has been caused by the bolt and the safest way to remove it . `` This poor bird was the victim of a mindless cruelty . It beggars belief that someone would get enjoyment out of doing something like this . ''	A goose has narrowly survived after being shot through the head with a crossbow bolt at a Birmingham park .
Previously employed as a domestic worker in Hong Kong , she became interested in photography as a way of recording her fellow workers ' lives - and the abuses they were subjected to . Ms Bacani tells her story to BBC 100 Women . 100 Women 2015 This year 's season features two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 's 100 Women this year and others who are defying stereotypes around the world . Like us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram using the hashtag # 100Women . Listen to the programmes here .	Xyza Bacani 's life changed when she won a scholarship to study and practise photography in New York .
The magic lantern slides were photographed by William Nowell and found during a recent loft clearance . Auctioneer Graham Paddison said : `` It is the extraordinary contrast in this set of 30 photographs that is so unusual . '' Mr Paddison , of auctioneers Dee Atkinson & Harrison , said the pictures showed the gulf between rich and poor in late Victorian England . For more stories about Victorian England follow our Pinterest board Mr Nowell was the manager of the Great Northern Steamship Fishing Company and a keen photographer . He shot the images between 1895 and 1902 . They were found in a house in Hessle , East Yorkshire , belonging to Mr Nowell 's great-grandson . The auction is to be held in Driffield on 30 September .	Newly-discovered photographs of Scarborough beach that were taken in the 19th century are to be auctioned .
New figures from the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs show that between July and September the number of GB applications rose by 96 % . There were 3,431 applications in September 2015 , compared to 7,518 in September 2016 . Year-on-year applications from Northern Ireland have also risen since the vote . They have increased by two-thirds in the three months since the Brexit decision . In terms of numbers , there have been 15,757 applications from people in Northern Ireland since July , compared 9,401 in the same period last year . The Northern Ireland-only figures show demand was strongest at the end of the summer : In Great Britain , the trend has been upwards over the past three months : There have been 21,549 Irish passport applications from people in Great Britain since July , compared 10,959 in the same period last year .	The number of applications for Irish passports from people living in Great Britain has almost doubled since the UK voted to leave the European Union .
The charity saw lifeboats at its 30 stations across Wales launch 1,175 times in 2016 , an 11 % rise on the previous year . Mumbles RNLI in Swansea was the busiest station for the second year running , with 83 launches . RNLI lifeguards also had a busy year , responding to 1,271 incidents across 39 patrolled beaches . Matt Crofts , RNLI lifesaving manager , said the charity was `` extremely grateful for the dedication show by its lifesavers '' who spent almost 28,000 hours at sea last year . `` But we really do see our rescue service as a last resort , '' he said . The 2016 Wales figures also showed : The latest figures came as the charity celebrated the official opening of a new visitor centre in Vale of Glamorgan . The Barry Island venue claims to be the first of its kind in the UK , focusing on drowning prevention . The RNLI hopes to help teach 30,000 visitors a year about water safety , using bespoke interactive exhibitions . It is part of the charity 's bid to cut drowning deaths in Britain by 50 % by 2024 .	Wales ' volunteer lifeboat crews saved 73 lives at sea last year , latest RNLI figures have shown .
American Spieth shot a three-under-par 68 to move three under for the tournament and into a share of third place in Sydney . Jones followed his first-round 67 with a 68 to open up a three-shot advantage over fellow Australian Todd Sinnott . Northern Ireland 's Darren Clarke trails Jones by seven strokes after carding a four-under-par 67 to move to level . Englishman Lee Westwood is also at level par after a one-over 72 at the Australian Golf Club , while last-placed China 's Weiyu Zhu followed his opening-round 92 with an 85 to close on 35 over par . Spieth , 22 , started the day five shots behind overnight leader Lincoln Tighe , whose two-over 73 saw him slip to joint third in a five-strong group also featuring Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts and Australians Geoff Ogilvy and Aron Price . Aiming for his sixth Tour victory of the year and defending the title he won by six strokes last season , Spieth shot five birdies but struggled late on with bogies on the 15th and 16th . `` It 's frustrating , '' he said . `` I was striking the ball well , but you do n't see this much cross winds on golf courses . It is tough to deal with . ''	World number one Jordan Spieth is four shots behind leader Matthew Jones after two rounds of the Australian Open .
Cole , 35 , is free to join former England team-mate Steven Gerrard after his contract with the Italian club was terminated by mutual consent . The ex-Chelsea and Arsenal left-back joined the Serie A side in July 2014 and made 16 appearances . Capped 107 times , Cole has won three Premier Leagues , seven FA Cups , one Champions League and one Europa League . Roma sacked manager Rudi Garcia on 13 January after a poor run of just one win since the beginning of November . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Former England defender Ashley Cole has agreed terms with Major League Soccer side LA Galaxy after leaving Roma .
12 April 2017 Last updated at 12:03 BST Bill Potts , played by Pearl Mackie , is the new sidekick and Martin has been to meet her . She tells him about being inside the Tardis , working with Peter Capaldi and about being scared of the monsters in series 10 . The new series starts Saturday 15 April at 7:20pm on BBC One .	The Doctor is back and he has a new companion .
Friday Aberdeen v Celtic ( 19:45 ) Saturday Rangers v Heart of Midlothian ( 12:15 ) Dundee v Ross County ( 15:00 ) Hamilton Academical v Motherwell ( 15:00 ) Kilmarnock v Inverness Caledonian Thistle ( 15:00 ) St Johnstone v Partick Thistle ( 15:00 )	Match previews for Friday and Saturday 's Scottish Premiership games .
Evans , who faces a retrial over rape allegations in October , has joined the League One side on a one-year deal . The Wales striker , 27 , was sent to prison in 2012 for raping a 19-year-old woman , but had his conviction quashed by the Court of Appeal in April . Evans , who has always denied the charges , was released in October 2014 after serving half of a five-year term . The striker 's last professional game was with Sheffield United in 2012 .	Ched Evans scored in his first game in four years as Chesterfield beat Ilkeston 3-0 in a pre-season friendly .
Matt Grimstone and Jacob Schilt were among the 11 who died on 22 August . The club normally plays in front of about 100 people , but more than a thousand tickets were sold for Sunday 's FA Vase match against East Preston . Manager Nigel Geary said people wanted to pay their respects . He said not everyone could attend the funerals and people wanted to come to the match and show their support . Vice-chairman Mark Sanderson said it had been a remarkable day and the club had never seen anything like it . Memorial scarves were printed with the names of the two players , and 2,500 programmes were produced . Proceeds are being used to pay for a permanent tribute to the players , who were travelling together to a game when a vintage jet crashed on to the A27 in West Sussex . An initial report into the Shoreham air show disaster said the Hawker Hunter jet showed `` no abnormal indications '' during its flight . Andy Hill , the 51-year-old pilot , remains in a serious but stable condition in hospital .	Record crowds packed into the stands of Worthing United football club to watch a match dedicated to two of its players who died in the Shoreham air crash .
He was nominated because of his work in mountain rescue and training climbers , and for setting up the Scottish Mountaineering Heritage Collection . Mr Tighe will be presented with the accolade at the Fort William Mountain Festival next month . The award was set up to recognise those who have dedicated their lives to working in Scotland 's mountains .	Climbing guide and pioneer Mick Tighe has won this year 's Scottish Award for Excellence in Mountain Culture .
Hill , 38 , and 32-year-old Senderos signed one-year deals last summer under Mark Warburton but neither is being retained as Pedro Caixinha looks to rebuild the squad he has inherited . Hyndman 's loan spell has been ended by injury . He tweeted that he had enjoyed `` an incredible time '' at the Ibrox club . The 21-year-old American arrived in January , along with Jon Toral on loan from Arsenal . He made 17 appearances and scored four goals . Hill was one of 11 signings made by Warburton last summer , as the club prepared for its return to the top-flight . The Englishman made 31 appearances , scoring six goals , including the equaliser in March 's 1-1 draw at Celtic . Former Arsenal defender Senderos was sent off on his debut in his team 's 5-1 Old Firm defeat to Celtic back in September and made three further appearances .	Defenders Clint Hill and Philippe Senderos will leave Rangers at the end of the season while midfielder Emerson Hyndman has returned to Bournemouth .
Production in April was 3.8 % lower than last year , according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders ( SMMT ) . The number of cars produced for the domestic market increased by 11.1 % to 29,930 . However , those intended for export , which represents a much larger portion of the market , fell 7.6 % to 98,382 . Low demand in Europe may have hindered UK exports . `` Europe as a whole is three million units off its peak , '' SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes told the BBC . Economic confidence and interest in new models may be behind the UK 's rising demand , '' said Mr Hawes . `` The UK buyer is more confident than the average buyer across the rest of Europe , '' he said . The growing availability and popularity of car finance packages had also pushed up domestic sales , he added . About three-quarters of purchases are now made with a finance package . `` Brits have a greater predilection to buy on credit . These packages are attracting people into the showrooms , '' he said .	UK car production fell in April after a rise in vehicle output for the domestic market failed to offset a drop in exports .
The dean of Christ Church said the student has been banned from future events and must apologise in writing . The event was held in December 2016 and the college emailed students about the incident on Wednesday , which it called `` deeply regrettable '' . Speaking to the Cherwell university newspaper the student said the costume was intended as satire . Junior censor at the college , Brian Young , said in an email to students that `` an offensive item of clothing was worn at a college bop '' . He added : `` We wish to affirm in the strongest possible terms that Christ Church is firmly committed to equality , diversity , and respect , and we absolutely will not accept any breaches of such toleration . `` Anyone who causes offence by disregarding these commitments is subject to strict college discipline . '' The student , who has not been named , told the Cherwell he wore a sign reading `` Middle America '' and a pillowcase that resembled a Ku Klux Klan hood because the party 's theme was 2016 . He said `` I did not intend to offend anyone and removed the costume within two minutes of arriving after realising the inappropriateness of it . '' Dean of Christ Church , the Very Rev Prof Martyn Percy , said the student 's behaviour was `` completely unacceptable '' .	An Oxford University college has taken action against a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party .
Police said passengers on the bus were left `` distressed '' following the incident in King Street on Sunday evening . Officers said a group of local youths had also caused `` extensive and unnecessary '' damage to Greenfield House and cars in Hill Street on Sunday . A police spokesman said : `` This sort of behaviour will not be tolerated . '' He added : `` Inquiries are currently ongoing to identify those responsible . ''	A bus passenger was left covered in glass after the vehicle 's window was smashed in Alloa at the weekend .
Free sessions providing on-road training have begun in the run up to the start of the initiative in April . Anyone aged 14 and over who can ride a bike can apply . It comes as figures are released by the road safety charity Brake which says safety fears are stopping young people walking or cycling . Sustrans , which is organising the training say safety , is a top priority . `` What we 're saying is you have to share the city centre , '' Gordon Clarke , director for Sustrans Northern Ireland said . `` If you 're a cyclist or pedestrian , you 're more vulnerable , so we want bus drivers - and we 've been working with them , with DRD and with Translink - we want taxi drivers , all the drivers to think of each other and cyclists to be aware of drivers as well . '' The bike share scheme will initially include 300 public bikes , and up to 30 bike docking stations in the city centre .	A new public bike share scheme is aiming to get more people cycling in and around Belfast city centre .
Mason , 25 , clashed heads with Chelsea defender Gary Cahill 13 minutes into the Premier League match . He was carried off on a stretcher wearing an oxygen mask after receiving eight minutes of treatment and taken to St Mary 's Hospital in London . `` Ryan is in a stable condition and expected to remain in hospital for the next few days , '' said a Hull statement . `` Everyone at the Club would like to express their sincere thanks for the excellent and swift care given to Ryan by both the Accident and Emergency department and Neurosurgery Unit at St Mary 's Hospital . '' Hull added that they would issue a further update on Monday . Cahill , who continued playing , said : `` I tried to get on the end of the cross . We smashed heads . I wish him all the very best . '' Goals from Diego Costa and Cahill gave the Blues a 2-0 victory as they moved eight points clear at the top of the Premier League . Media playback is not supported on this device	Hull City midfielder Ryan Mason has had surgery after fracturing his skull during Sunday 's game at Chelsea .
He took charge of the 2015 Scottish League Cup final between Celtic and Dundee United . This will be his first time refereeing the Scottish Cup final , having been the fourth official when Hibernian beat Rangers in last year 's match . Madden will be assisted by Frank Connor and Graeme Stewart , with John McKendrick as fourth official . Steven McLean and Nick Walsh will be the additional assistant referees . Celtic are seeking a domestic treble after retaining the Scottish Premiership title and lifting the League Cup . The Dons have secured the runners-up spot in the league and lost to Celtic in November 's League Cup final .	Bobby Madden will referee the Scottish Cup final between Celtic and Aberdeen at Hampden Park on 27 May .
Prop Moon , 27 , who helped Chiefs win promotion to the Premiership in 2010 and has since made 120 top-flight appearances , signs a three-year deal . Fellow prop Rimmer , 30 , has penned a two-year contract , having played 15 times this season . Hooker Malton , 27 , signs a one-year deal after his first Exeter Premiership start , against Worcester on Saturday . `` All of the re-signings we 're making at the moment , we genuinely see them as good players , '' head coach Rob Baxter told BBC Radio Devon . `` They 've all done well in the Premiership and European competition , and yet we still see us and them individually progressing . ''	Front-rowers Ben Moon , Carl Rimmer and Shaun Malton have all extended their contracts at Exeter Chiefs .
A man took a set of car keys from a property at Downshire Hall in Hillsborough early on Saturday but was disturbed when he tried to drive off . He moved on to nearby Gloucester Park , where he unsuccessfully tried to smash the front door of a house with a large brick . He then broke into a house at Abercorn Drive . He stole car keys and drove off but later crashed into a wall . A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of driving while unfit , burglary and attempted burglary . Police have appealed for information .	Police are investigating a series of break-ins in County Down .
22 May 2014 Last updated at 01:38 BST Holly Lodge Girls ' College has captured events including sports days , school plays and a trip to Nazi Germany , where pupils watched the Hitler Youth taking part in a tug-of-war . The archive will be catalogued by Liverpool Central Library so it can be made available to the public , reports Lindsey Prosser for North West Tonight .	Ninety-two years of photographs from a girls ' school in Liverpool have been handed to the city 's library for public viewing .
The 21-year-old completed his move after the Lurgan Blues hammered Ballymena 6-1 on Saturday to go top of the standings on goal difference . `` He excites me - young , talented and can play on either wing or up front , '' said Glenavon boss Gary Hamilton . `` He 's got pace , he 's got energy . Josh is good at taking people on and making things happen in the final third . '' Daniels came through the Candystripes reserve team and earned his first professional contract with Derry in 2013 . `` Josh fits the bill of what we 're looking for , we 're trying to bring young players in and get a hungry squad , '' Hamilton told the club website . `` We have to thank Derry as well . Josh was looking away to get game time , to play football and , to be fair they 've been very , very good with him . `` We 've come to an agreement in terms of if we ever sell him on they 'll get a percentage of it so it works for everybody . `` He 's just excited to get involved but he knows himself he has to wait his chance because the boys are flying at the moment but hopefully we 'll have another good young footballer on our hands . ''	Josh Daniels has joined Irish Premiership leaders Glenavon from Derry City on a two-year deal .
Mr Trudeau found former Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's desk too large and asked for a replacement , sources told CBC News . Staff retrieved his father 's desk , which had been in storage for 15 years . One reporter tweeted that Mr Harper 's desk has been taken apart and moved into a warehouse . Pierre Trudeau 's former desk was also used by former Canadian Prime Ministers Sir Wilfrid Laurier , Lester Pearson , Jean Chretien and Paul Martin , CBC reports . The long-time prime minister died in 2000 just shy of his 81st birthday after suffering from prostate cancer and Parkinson 's disease . His early popularity lead to the phrase `` Trudeaumania '' . But as Justin grew up he shied away from politics , becoming a teacher . In 1998 , his youngest brother Michel was killed in an avalanche in British Columbia . That tragedy forced him into the public spotlight and he became a spokesman for avalanche safety . Following his father 's death , he became more active in politics , gaining election as a Liberal member of parliament in 2008 .	Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will be sharing something important with his late father , former Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau : his desk .
Omar Bogle , Will Grigg , Andy Kellett , Donervon Daniels and Ryan Tunnicliffe are all still out . Barnsley 's Adam Hammill ( toe ) , Andy Yiadom ( shoulder ) , Aidy White ( pelvis ) and Sessi D'Almeida ( knee ) are out . Paul Heckingbottom 's side are looking for back to back wins for the first time since January . BBC Radio Manchester 's Paul Rowley `` Frankly , every game now is a'must win ' for the 'Tics if they 're to avoid their third relegation in five seasons . `` Saturday 's stoppage-time victory over already doomed Rotherham United after twice going behind revived memories of the club 's great survivals in their Premier League days . `` But , with most of their rivals winning , Graham Barrow 's side are still seven points from safety with five matches left . `` Victory over Barnsley , promoted with Wigan from League One last season , will narrow the gap , but with away matches upcoming at promotion-chasing Brighton and Reading , the task may be too great . ''	Wigan forward Nick Powell could start after three months out with a hamstring injury , after his injury-time winner against Rotherham from the bench .
The incident happened during the Hearts vs Kilmarnock match at Tynecastle Stadium at about 16:40 on Saturday . A man , thought to be sitting in Lower Section E of the Wheatfield Stand , directed racial abuse towards the Northern Ireland striker . He was white , in his mid-40s , with dark hair receding on top , and wore glasses . He was also wearing a dark jacket that possibly had red lining and was of stocky build . PC Gavin Stupart , of Police Scotland , said : `` Racial abuse is absolutely unacceptable , in any circumstances . `` The behaviour of the majority of fans at Tynecastle on Saturday was excellent and I want to thank both clubs for their co-operation . `` We 're conducting various inquiries in an effort to trace the perpetrator and I 'd ask any witnesses to this abuse , or anyone who recognises the description of the suspect , to come forward . '' Magennis , 25 , is in his second season at Kilmarnock and has scored 10 goals this term .	Police are appealing for witnesses following a report of racially aggravated abuse against Kilmarnock player Josh Magennis .
The 20,000 Sfr ( Â£15,694 ) fine relates to commemorations at the 1-1 draw on 12 November . England , Scotland and Northern Ireland have also been penalised . Fifa 's Claudio Sulser said he `` fully respected '' the commemorations but rules needed to apply . Vince Alm said : `` Fans are outraged that the Welsh FA has even been implicated in this . '' Football 's governing body took action against the Football Association of Wales ( FAW ) because fans wore poppies in the stands and the armed forces held bunches of poppies at the side of the pitch . Mr Sulser , disciplinary committee chairman for Fifa , said : `` The display , among others , of any political or religious symbol is strictly prohibited . '' Mr Alm said many supporters he had spoken to said the FAW should refuse to pay the fine . `` These were just normal fans wearing poppies when it 's their personal choice to do so , '' he added . `` For the vast majority of supporters , wearing a poppy is not a political statement but a symbol of remembrance . '' The FAW has been asked to respond .	Fans are outraged after Wales was fined for displaying poppies during its World Cup qualifier with Serbia , the Football Supporters Federation Cymru has said .
A public inquiry will open into the possible upgrading of the road between Pembury and Tonbridge , in west Kent , into to dual carriageway . Businesses have said the scheme is needed to reduce a bottleneck and government money could be available from 2015 . However , the Woodland Trust said the scheme would damage the environment . Oliver Newham , from the trust , said : `` There are over 1,000 species of fungi in here , 10 species of ladybird , 24 species of bee - I could go on . `` We 're talking about a woodland that 's been here for 400 years - that 's a lot of history to lose . '' The section of the A21 under consideration carries more than 35,000 vehicles every day . The widening scheme would cost Â£21m . Jackie Matthias , who is from the West Kent Chamber of Commerce , said : `` We in business just ca n't understand how things can take so long and cost so much . `` It 's slightly worrying - you do wonder who is looking at it and scrutinising it . '' The inquiry is scheduled to start on 14 May .	Conservationists have warned that plans to widen the A21 would destroy 22 acres of woodland .
Lascelles , 23 , has scored three goals in 47 games to help the Magpies gain promotion back to the Premier League . He missed the win at Cardiff City last week to prepare for the surgery which will take place on Tuesday . The former Nottingham Forest centre-back will return for Newcastle 's pre-season training on 2 July . United 's season-closing game against the Tykes could bring the Championship title to St James ' Park , if they can better the result of Brighton , who are one point ahead , at Aston Villa .	Newcastle United captain Jamaal Lascelles will miss Sunday 's final game of the season against Barnsley , as he recovers from a groin operation .
Take our quiz to find out how heavily you can dino-score .	Do you know your Triassic from your Jurassic and your Triceratops from your Tyrannosaurus ?
The death of Stephen Phillips , 54 , at his Wolverhampton flat was not thought to be suspicious but tests proved he was struck before he fell . Lewis Thornton , 24 , went on trial for manslaughter and robbery but changed his pleas to guilty . Thornton , of no fixed abode , was sentenced at Wolverhampton Crown Court . Mr Phillips had his mobile phone stolen by Thornton on 11 March 2014 . He walked from the scene on Derry Street , at its junction with Birmingham Road in Blakenhall , to his flat in nearby Dudley Road . His son Barry found him dead the next day . A post-mortem examination showed he died from a brain injury sustained the previous evening . Following sentencing , Mr Phillips ' partner Tina Fury said it was heartbreaking he was killed for `` a Â£20 mobile phone '' . `` I 'll never ever accept [ Thornton 's ] apology , never . It wo n't bring Steve back and we 've got a life sentence without him , '' Ms Fury said .	A man has been jailed for 10 years after admitting killing a father-of-six by punching him in the head , causing him to fall and fracture his skull .
Manchester City won 1-0 in Lyon , but went down 3-2 on aggregate . Paris St Germain scored a 5-1 aggregate win over Barcelona to claim their place in the final . The final will be followed two days later by the men 's final at the Principality Stadium , with Real Madrid facing Atletico Madrid and Juventus playing Monaco in the semi finals .	Lyon will play Paris St Germain in the Women 's Champions League final at the Cardiff City Stadium on 1 June .
Brian Tynan , 30 , is accused of breaking into the Co-op shop on Lawers Drive on 4 May and stealing cigarettes and alcohol . Mr Tynan is also accused of trying to break into Size ? clothing shop in Dundee 's High Street on the same date . Prosecutors also allege he stole a car from Silport Place in Carnoustie on 4 May . Mr Tynan , of Dundee , faces a total of ten charges , including driving without a licence or insurance and stealing two sets of car keys and two handbags . He made no plea or declaration during a hearing in private at Dundee Sheriff Court and was granted bail .	A man has appeared in court in connection with a ram-raid at a Broughty Ferry supermarket .
19 November 2015 Last updated at 10:34 GMT But despite her incredible talent , she was badly bullied at school . As part of national Anti-Bullying week Sarah shared her story with Newsround 's Martin . Press play to see her full interview and hear her top tips on how to overcome bullying . On 19 November Newsround are broadcasting a special programme on CBBC called Bullying - The Newsround Debate . If you need support or help to deal with bullying CBBC has lots of information .	Dame Sarah Storey has won more medals than any other female Paralympic athlete in history .
RWE Innogy UK has proposed erecting up to 20 turbines at Glen Kyllachy near Tomatin south of Inverness . Highland Council 's south planning applications committee unanimously rejected the application last year . Members of the committee said the development would have `` a significant detrimental visual impact '' .	Plans for a wind farm which were rejected by Highland councillors have been approved following a Scottish government planning appeals process .
Paceman Eranga felt discomfort while batting during Sri Lanka 's one-day international win over Ireland . `` He was OK and stable and we 're awaiting the results , '' said a Sri Lanka Cricket spokesman . The 29-year-old 's bowling action was reported during the second Test against England in May . Eranga was tested on 6 June at the National Cricket Performance Centre in Loughborough , which is accredited by the International Cricket Council . `` The assessment revealed that all deliveries exceeded the 15 degrees level of tolerance permitted under the regulations , '' said an ICC statement . Eranga , who has played 41 times for Sri Lanka across all three formats , is still able to play domestic cricket in Sri Lanka , with the consent of the country 's cricket board . He can apply for a reassessment of his action once it has been modified . Sri Lanka face England in the first ODI at Trent Bridge on Tuesday . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Sri Lanka 's Shaminda Eranga has been banned from bowling in international cricket - hours after he was admitted to hospital for tests on his heart .
Ms Kirkpatrick , 74 , denies two counts of indecent assault and one count of gross indecency with a person under 16 . According to a report by Australia 's Herald Sun , the alleged incident took place in the 1980s and involved a 13-year-old girl . The actress told the Herald Sun that she will fight to clear her name . `` I need to go to court to have this ridiculous situation quashed , '' she said . `` Allegations have been levelled at me , yes . Are they true ? Absolutely not . `` The evidence is in the court . I do n't think it 's appropriate that I say any more . '' Ms Kirkpatrick , who will appear before Melbourne Magistrates Court on 19 August , is best known for playing lesbian prison officer Joan `` The Freak '' Ferguson in Prisoner Cell Block H. She appeared in a host of smaller Australian TV shows and in 1991 she played Marilyn 's aunt Jean Chambers in Home and Away .	Australian actress Maggie Kirkpatrick , who starred in 1980s soap Prisoner Cell Block H and later Home and Away , has been charged with child sex offences .
The Briton was due to fight Avtandil Khurtsidze on 8 July in London . But following his arrest in New York , the Georgian 's promoter Lou DiBella has confirmed he will be unable to travel . Thirty-three members and associates of a Russian crime syndicate , including Khurtsidze , have been detained . In a statement , acting Manhattan US Attorney Joon H Kim said : `` The dizzying array of criminal schemes committed by this organised crime syndicate allegedly include a murder-for-hire conspiracy , a plot to rob victims by seducing and drugging them with chloroform , the theft of cargo shipments containing over 10,000 pounds of chocolate , and a fraud on casino slot machines using electronic hacking devices . '' Khurtsidze earned the bout with Saunders after winning the interim belt by stopping Britain 's Tommy Langford in April . Saunders ' most recent fight was a successful title defence against Artur Akavov in December .	Billy Joe Saunders ' WBO middleweight title defence has been cancelled after his opponent was arrested for alleged links to organised crime .
The snow slide struck the skiers at around 15:00 local time ( 13:00 GMT ) near the town of Briancon in the Ecrins National Park . Eight others were also swept away but survived . One person was airlifted to a hospital in Grenoble for treatment . The national park is popular with skiers and mountaineers , with peaks of over 3,000m ( 9,842ft ) . Officials told the Associated Press that seven members of the group were currently staying in a refuge building near the site until emergency services could rescue them .	Three tourists , two Austrians and an Italian , have been killed in an avalanche in the French Alps .
The 23-year-old joined City in the summer having spent his entire career at Wolves , and impressed in the Grecians ' win at Leyton Orient . It was McAlinden 's first league start since the end of August , as he deputised for the concussed Lee Holmes . `` He 's earned it , he 's done very well in training and I think he 's settling , '' Tisdale told BBC Radio Devon . `` He 's beginning to get some confidence , it always happens when you leave a club you 've been at for years and years like he has with Wolves . `` Suddenly you 're at a new place and your career 's changing direction , he 's got to find his feet and he 's doing that . ''	Exeter City manager Paul Tisdale says Liam McAlinden is now starting to get used to life at Exeter City .
The Republic of Ireland international , 27 , suffered medial ligament damage in training on Thursday . Meyler has played 28 times for the Tigers in all competitions this season but has been an unused substitute in their last four outings . Marco Silva 's side sit two points above the Premier League relegation zone before Saturday 's trip to Stoke City .	Hull City midfielder David Meyler will miss the remainder of the season after sustaining a knee injury .
The 26-year-old Senegalese , who joined QPR from Arsenal in 2011 , was released from Loftus Road in June , having not made a QPR appearance since April 2015 . Traore , who played 93 games for the Rs , helped them win the Championship play-off final against Derby in 2014 . After moving to Arsenal from Monaco in 2005 , Traore played 35 games and was also loaned to Portsmouth and Juventus . France-born Traore 's three-year contract at the City Ground will run from 1 August . His signing comes on the same day that the Championship side announced the retirement of midfielder Andy Reid , at the age of 34 . Traore becomes the sixth summer addition made by new Forest boss Philippe Montanier , four of which have been defenders . He follows Finland 's Thomas Lam from Dutch Eredivisie side PEC Zwolle , Poland 's Damien Perquis and Hildeberto Pereira , on loan from Benfica , goalkeeper Stephen Henderson and former Everton striker Apostolos Vellios from Greek club Iraklis Thessaloniki . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Nottingham Forest have signed ex-Queens Park Rangers and Arsenal defender Armand Traore on a three-year deal .
Jane Warburton , 69 , and her 38-year-old son Dean , from Bucknell in Shropshire , died in the accident on the A49 near Bayston Hill , in Shrewsbury , on the morning of 1 July . They died at the scene despite the efforts of passers-by and paramedics . The lorry driver was uninjured . West Mercia Police said it is appealing for witnesses .	A mother and son killed in a car crash involving a lorry have been named by police .
A number of neighbourhood teams have relocated into nearby local community bases with `` lower running costs '' . The new sites , which are based in the `` heart of the community '' , are `` better value for money '' , the force said . The buildings up for sale include Market Street and Pilgrim Street in Newcastle , which were replaced by a new £38m complex in Forth Bank in 2014 . Other sites include an office in Bentinck Road which has been empty for several years and one in Bellingham , the force said . A Northumbria Police spokesman said : `` Many of the older police buildings have been expensive to run and it 's important the force gets value for the money and all savings are reinvested back in to policing . ''	Northumbria Police has put eight of its former stations up for sale after carrying out a review of its estate .
The players visited the memorial garden to pay their respects before rejoining their clubs . The village was devastated in 1966 when a colliery waste tip collapsed , with slurry engulfing Pantglas Junior School on the last day before half term . Manager Chris Coleman described the visit as `` humbling '' . `` In a small way we wanted to show our respect and reflect on the tragedy of 50 years ago , '' he said . `` It puts everything into perspective . ''	The Wales football team has visited Aberfan to mark the 50th anniversary of the mining disaster which killed 144 people .
Adrian Chadwick , 47 , from Marton , Middlesbrough , fell from Lime Kilns last May . He spent several weeks in hospital and had to wear a frame around his body for more than five months . Mr Chadwick , a father-of-two , said it was like the `` cavalry had arrived '' when the air ambulance came . He was anesthetised once aboard the helicopter and taken to Newcastle 's Riyal Victoria Infirmary . He was then transferred to James Cook University Hospital in Middlesbrough after seven days . Mr Chadwick said : `` I 'm still recovering now . My injuries are life-changing but it certainly is n't the end of the world . `` It has made me realise that you need to seize the moment as you never know what is around the corner . ''	A walker who broke his spine and shattered both legs after falling on Holy Island has thanked the Great North Air Ambulance who flew him to hospital .
There were about 20 cancellations on the Liverpool Street to Stansted rail line after a tree fell on to overhead power lines near Bishop 's Stortford . Storm winds brought a tree down on to overhead wires which caught fire between Harpenden and St Albans . This has led to disruption between Bedford and London St Pancras . Thameslink , which runs this service , said disruption was likely to continue until midday . Abellio Greater Anglia said its services to Stansted Airport and Cambridge had been hit by the storm . The company added that a train fault had also led to a number of trains on the Liverpool Street to Norwich route in the morning being cancelled . Abellio Greater Anglia currently runs the Greater Anglia franchise and runs services to Stansted Airport , Cambridgeshire , Essex , Norfolk , Hertfordshire and Suffolk .	High winds have brought major disruptions to train services between London stations and Stansted Airport , Bedford and Cambridge .
The 45-year-old , who has been living at Ecuador 's London embassy since 2012 to avoid extradition over sex assault allegations , had sought exemption from a European arrest warrant . Mr Assange , who denies the claims , faces arrest if he leaves the building . Prosecutors said there was no precedent in Swedish law to make any exceptions to a court decision on detention . Mr Assange had made a request to attend the funeral of mentor and Wikileaks director Gavin MacFadyen , a US journalist who died in London on 22 October , aged 76 . He said he was `` heartbroken '' by the decision and called the Swedish official `` callous '' . He said he would be appealing to Sweden 's Attorney General Anders Perklev . The accusations against Mr Assange relate to a visit he made to Stockholm in August 2010 to give a lecture . He has refused to travel to Sweden for questioning over concerns he would be extradited to the US over Wikileaks ' release of 500,000 secret military files on the Afghanistan and Iraq wars .	Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has had a request to be allowed to go to a funeral denied by Swedish prosecutors .
The 29-year-old was one of four candidates on a shortlist for the job . McKinstry previously led Sierra Leone into the top 50 of the Fifa world rankings as the youngest manager in international football . His new appointment , as the successor to Englishman Stephen Constantine , will see him also take charge of the Under-23 and Under-20 teams . He will now lead Rwanda in their qualification games for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations , the 2018 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics . The other coaches in the running for the job were former Chelsea assistant Jose Morais , Turk Engin Frat and German Hans Michael Weiss . Constantine quit the post in January to take over as manager of the India national side . McKinstry was appointed by the Leone Stars at the age of 27 and lost only one of his first six matches . But following defeats by Ivory Coast and DR Congo in the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers , he was sacked - only six months after he had been given the job on a permanent basis .	Northern Irishman Johnny McKinstry has been named as the new coach of the Rwanda national football team .
STV2 is a rebranded version of STV 's Glasgow and Edinburgh stations , and will include new licences for Aberdeen , Ayr and Dundee . It will broadcast around the clock on Freeview as well as Sky and Virgin channels . It will also be streamed online via the STV Player . STV News Tonight , presented by Halla Mohieddeen , airs weeknights at 19:00 . STV said the channel would reach about 85 % of viewers in its transmission area . It said the channel would also feature new programming including soap , drama and movies .	STV has launched a new commercial TV channel featuring its new flagship news programme .
The 24-year-old , who can also play on the wing , has had spells with West Bromwich Albion , Crawley and Torquay . Hurst spent part of last season on loan at Guiseley and was on the books at National League North side AFC Telford earlier in the 2016-17 campaign . Dover have not disclosed the length of Hurst 's deal at Crabble but he can make his debut against York on Saturday .	National League promotion challengers Dover Athletic have signed versatile full-back James Hurst .
Of all the UK nations , Wales saw the greatest fall in unemployment compared with the previous three months . But despite the drop , the rate of unemployment in Wales , 5.3 % , remains higher than the UK rate of 5.1 % . There were also 49,000 more people in work in Wales than the same time the previous year . Unemployment in the UK as a whole fell by 60,000 to 1.69 million between October and December .	Unemployment in Wales fell by 12,000 between October and December to 80,000 , according to the Office for National Statistics .
The victim has been named locally as Dolton Powell , 21 , who was a former pupil at St Peter 's High School in the city . Police investigating his death said they believed a group of people from Bristol could help their inquiry . The victim was found seriously injured at the All Nations Community Centre in Chase Lane , Gloucester , early on Sunday . He died later in hospital . Two other men were also found with non life-threatening injuries . Three men aged 22 , 21 and 19 were arrested on suspicion of murder . The 19-year-old has now been released . A tribute on the St Peter 's High School website described Mr Powell as `` an extremely popular , friendly , and very promising young man '' who was `` rarely seen without a smile on his face '' . It added he was `` very involved in the school community , and was notable for his responsible , polite , and caring manner '' and that `` he was friends with everyone '' . Det Insp Steve Porter said police continue to question the two men being held in custody . `` Our officers are carrying out investigations throughout Gloucester , the wider county and into Bristol , as we believe a group of individuals from the Bristol area were in the vicinity at the time of the incident , '' Mr Porter added .	Tributes have been paid to a man who was killed at a party in Gloucester .
Teal Amelia David , from Oxfordshire , was fatally injured on an unclassified road in Aberdaron , at the tip of the Lleyn Peninsula , at about 08:40 BST . Officers said the tractor involved was red , but they have not released any further details . Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact North Wales Police on 101 .	Police have named the six-year-old girl who died following a collision involving a tractor in north Wales .
15 July 2016 Last updated at 17:48 BST Most of the high-profile work on self-driving cars has come out of the United States , where Google and Tesla have been testing their technology . Oxford-based Oxbotica took the BBC 's Rory Cellan-Jones for a drive and told him that the technology would be tested in a public trial in London this year .	A British firm has developed autonomous car software that could be used by a variety of vehicle manufacturers .
The Cherry and Whites announced in November that Fearns , 28 , would move to Kingsholm on a three-year deal after the conclusion of the 2016-17 season . But Lyon offered him `` significantly increased personal terms '' . Gloucester CEO Steven Vaughan said the club had initially sought legal advice but have now received compensation . Vaughan said : `` Naturally the club took the best legal advice on the situation , but as soon as it became apparent the player wanted to remain in France , efforts immediately turned to getting the best possible deal for the club to allow us to move on in a stronger position . `` I am very happy at the outcome and we have agreed significant compensation that will all be used on strengthening the playing group further . '' Englishman Fearns joined Lyon in 2015 and was named player of the season as he helped them win promotion to France 's top flight in his first season , while he made 22 appearances this term .	Gloucester have confirmed back-row forward Carl Fearns will remain with Lyon , despite signing a deal to move to the Premiership side this summer .
The Met Police said the incident happened at a residential address in Tilson Gardens in south Brixton . At 09:45 BST , unarmed police and a housing officer tried to enter the property to evict the man . Police then withdrew and armed officers and a negotiator were called to the scene . The man was shot at 16:46 outside the premises , the Met said . Neighbour Jay Elwes said on Twitter that he had heard `` what sounded like shots '' and about 15 minutes later a person was `` brought out '' . The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said the 36-year-old man was in a critical condition at King 's College Hospital . It said that during the incident `` shots were fired , injuring the man '' . The IPCC said it was in the process of identifying and contacting the man 's family .	A man is in a critical condition after being shot by police following a siege lasting seven hours in south London .
The baby is believed to have suffocated at a holiday house in Saint-Pee-sur-Nivelle near the Spanish border , the BBC 's Hugh Schofield said . The family involved were believed to be a British couple and their two sons , aged five months and three , he said . The father got up early on Saturday and returned to the bedroom later to find the baby dead , prosecutors told AFP . According to French media reports , an autopsy is due to be carried out in the next few days at Bordeaux . A spokeswoman for the UK Foreign Office said : `` We are in contact with local authorities following the arrest of a British national in the south of France . ''	A British mother has been arrested in south-west France over the death of a five-month-old baby .
Police closed roads around the North and South Bays over the weekend because of high tides and waves on the road . North Yorkshire Police tweeted : `` Stay away from the sea ! A wave caused damage to this vehicle and an injury to the 3 y/o child ! Thanks to @ YorksAmbulance & @ RNLIScarborough '' . The girl was treated in hospital for minor facial cuts . Police were called to the incident in Marine Drive at 16:24 GMT . Flood warnings were issued for Marine Drive , Royal Albert Drive and the Spa in Scarborough , and in Bridlington for the North Pier and Harbour , because of `` overtopping and spray expected due to strong winds and large waves '' .	A three-year-old girl was injured when heavy seas in Scarborough on Sunday smashed the window of a car she was in .
25 May 2016 Last updated at 01:02 BST The proposals have sparked widespread strikes at oil refineries in France , sparking fuel shortages . There has been a three-month tug-of-war between unions and the government over the labour reforms . Opponents say they are too pro-business and will do little to reduce the 10 % unemployment rate . Jonty Bloom reports from Toulouse .	The French government is facing widespread protests to proposed changes to labour laws .
They were discovered off Brampton Lane near to the A508 in Chapel Brampton , near Northampton . Police said the heads , possibly from fallow deer , were found in various stages of decomposition suggesting they had been dumped over the past two months . They have warned restaurants and pubs not to purchase cheap venison that could have been illegally gained by poachers . Owners have been told they should always be able to provide a paper trail to show where their venison was sourced , if they are offering it on menus . Officers have appealed for anyone who may have seen suspicious activity in the area , or who has recently been offered cheap venison , to contact them .	The decomposed heads of 19 deer have been found dumped in a field .
This breaking news story is being updated and more details will be published shortly . Please refresh the page for the fullest version . If you want to receive Breaking News alerts via email , or on a smartphone or tablet via the BBC News App then details on how to do so are available on this help page . You can also follow @ BBCBreaking on Twitter to get the latest alerts .	Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta charged in long-running corruption investigation , prosecutors say
The two-year-old girl went missing from the store in Northumberland Street in Newcastle city centre shortly before 17:00 BST on 13 April . She was found just over an hour later , about three miles away in Gosforth . The girls , aged 13 and 14 , appeared before a youth court in North Tyneside . They are due to go on trial on 7 June . Neither entered any pleas and they were remanded into local authority care . The pair are charged with kidnap `` with the intention of committing a relevant sexual offence '' contrary to the Sexual Offences Act of 2003 . They are also charged with two counts of theft - dummies from a Boots store and baby milk and a bottle from Sainsbury 's . District Judge Roger Elsey told the hearing they would also face a separate charge of kidnap , this being without the sexual intent .	Two teenage girls are to go on trial charged with kidnapping a toddler in Primark with the intention of committing a sexual offence .
The 26-year-old male driver was later arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving , Merseyside Police said . Emergency services were called to Aigburth Road at about 18.50 BST on Tuesday after reports a white Volkswagen Golf had hit the pedestrian . He was treated for multiple injuries but died at the scene . The driver , from Widnes , was taken to hospital to be treated for superficial injuries before being taken into custody at a police station in Merseyside . The victim has not yet been formally identified and officers are trying to trace his next of kin . Police are asking anyone who may have witnessed the incident to contact them .	A man died when he was struck by a car , which then crashed into a lamppost and overturned on a main road in Liverpool .
Proposals to cut up to 24 posts in the region and lose one fire engine from the Wrexham station are up for consideration at a meeting on 20 June . North Wales brigade secretary Shane Price said : `` The service has already suffered heavy cutbacks in staffing . '' Deputy Chief Fire Officer Dawn Docx said there are a variety of money saving options on the table . The Wrexham station currently has three engines . The FBU 's Mr Price said he felt the authority has failed to take into account how much support crews in Wrexham offered to surrounding fire stations like Johnstown and Chirk . But Mrs Docx said the fire service 's budget could no longer be frozen due to the cost of inflation and rising pension costs and the decision to reduce future services was `` the least damaging option '' . The authority 's executive members met with senior fire officers in May to discuss future plans . She said : `` The working group had come to the conclusion that the option that they intend to explore further and consult on , would be the potential removal of a whole time pump from Wrexham by the end of this decade . Once the full authority has agreed on its proposals there will be a full public consultation later in 2016 .	The Fire Brigades Union has warned against `` brutal cuts '' being considered by the North Wales Fire Authority .
Bernard Cazeneuve said on Tuesday that two men , aged 20 and 24 , were arrested on 19 December and were being held for questioning . Both are thought to have had contact with another Frenchman , currently believed to be in Syria . France saw its worst attacks in decades last month , with 130 killed in Paris . Speaking in the southern city of Toulouse , Mr Cazeneuve said 10 attacks had been foiled so far this year in France . He said the investigation into the latest alleged plot south-west of Paris will look into whether the Frenchman in Syria , thought to be a jihadist , ordered the attack . One of the detainees confessed they had intended to attack police officers , military personnel and anyone identified with the French state , Mr Cazeneuve said . Investigators think the suspects had raised money for the plot and were searching for weapons . One of the men arrested is reported to be of Moroccan descent , while the other is said to be from Togo . One suspect was reportedly unknown to police , while the other was a known petty criminal . Paris attacks - in depth	French police have foiled a terror attack on police and army personnel in the region of Orleans , the interior minister has said .
In the past year there has been an increase of 600 patients in Northern Ireland , bringing the total to 11,800 . The figures are part of a national report that shows dramatic variations across the UK . They range from a diagnosis rate of 32 % in East Riding in Yorkshire to 63 % in Northern Ireland . The UK average is 46 % . The diagnosis rate for Belfast is 75.5 % . Experts believe that family doctors are now better equipped to spot the signs of dementia . These figures are almost bitter sweet - on the one hand they show a worrying increase in the number of people in Northern Ireland being diagnosed with dementia . On the other , they also indicate that the local health trusts are in the top five best areas in the UK for diagnosing the disease . While there are now 11,800 men and women with the condition , it is thought that there could be around 7,000 others who have the debilitating illness . The Alzheimer 's Society has urged the public to visit their roadshow which starts a tour of Northern Ireland this week .	Belfast has the highest diagnosis rate of dementia in the UK , according to new figures released by the Alzheimer 's Society .
Jansson joined Torino from Malmo in 2014 , but has since made only 16 appearances in Serie A . The 25-year-old has won eight caps for Sweden and was an unused member of their Euro 2016 squad . `` I need to play football regularly and I know that Leeds are a big club with big ambitions , '' he said . `` I want to help take Leeds back to the Premier League as soon as possible . I 'm an aggressive defender and I always give more than 100 % for the team that I play for . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Championship side Leeds have signed Sweden centre-back Pontus Jansson on a season-long loan deal from Torino , with an option for a permanent move .
Humberside Police said more than £250,000 has been stolen from victims in the last year . They said up to 25 people a day - more than 750 people a month - are receiving calls from bogus officials . The force has urged people to be aware of the scam . `` Vishing '' - or voice phishing - occurs when fraudsters , often posing as police officer , phone their target and tell them they have been the victim of fraud . The victim is then duped into either handing over their card and personal details , often to a second fraudster posing as a bank employee , or into passing cash to a courier in order to protect it . Banks will never source : Financial Ombudsman Service Det Sgt Mike Wood , of Humberside Police , said : `` Over the last four months we 've had a vast influx . `` I would estimate that probably around £250,000 has been lost . We 've had some people who have lost quite large amounts but a more regular amount is about £5,000 . '' Pat Bottomley , who lost £8,000 said : `` I ca n't give anything to charities anymore , which used to be one of my big pleasures , or to my children and grand children . It leaves you personally devastated . ''	Hundreds of people in East Yorkshire are being targeted by phone scammers posing as police officers following a rise in so called 'vishing ' fraud .
7 October 2016 Last updated at 15:29 BST He was at the scene of a fire which broke out at a disused commercial building in Holbeck on Friday . Ten fire engines were called to the scene on Whitehall Road at 12:42 BST . No-one was injured in the incident .	This is the moment BBC Radio Leeds reporter Larry Budd was rocked by an explosion while reporting live on Facebook .
Villa 's first-choice Jordan Amavi has been ruled out for the season with a serious knee injury . Cissokho , 28 , who played under Villa boss Remi Garde at Lyon , made only three appearances for Porto . He played 27 times for Villa last season but made his final appearance in former boss Tim Sherwood 's first game . Villa have won just one of their 16 Premier League games this season and are bottom with six points , eight adrift of safety .	Aston Villa have recalled left-back Aly Cissokho from his season-long loan spell at Porto , although he will not be eligible to play until January .
Paul Simmons-Turner , 38 , was targeted outside the Mariott Hotel in Waltham Abbey , Essex , last December . The inquest heard he was shot through the lip and tongue before getting in a passing car and asking for help . No arrests have been made in connection with his death , which is being treated as murder . Mr Simmons-Turner , from east London , was pronounced dead in the car park of The Volunteer pub , about a mile from the hotel where he had spent the previous night with his girlfriend . Police said he was driven to the pub car park by a father and his disabled daughter after jumping into their car and asking to be taken to a hospital , but the suspect 's car cut in front of them and Mr Simmons-Turner was shot a second time in the chest . A post-mortem examination found he died from gunshot wounds . Follow updates on this story and other Essex news Essex Coroner Caroline Beasley-Murray recorded a verdict of unlawful killing . Det Sgt Michelle Stoten said police had a `` number of working hypotheses '' and the investigation was `` current and active '' .	A man who died after being ambushed outside a hotel was shot through the tongue before being chased and shot in the chest , an inquest heard .
Alaa Brinji was also given a 50,000 riyal ( $ 13,300 ) fine and an eight-year travel ban by the counter-terror court . The court also ordered his Twitter account to be shut down . Amnesty International said Brinji was `` the latest victim of Saudi Arabia 's ruthless crackdown on peaceful dissent '' . James Lynch , deputy director of Amnesty 's Middle East and North Africa program , described the sentence as `` utterly shameful '' . `` Its [ Saudi Arabia 's ] international allies , who seek to collaborate on security and intelligence , have to confront the fact that , using the pretext of 'counter-terrorism ' , the government 's draconian crackdown has eradicated virtually all forms of peaceful dissent in the country , '' he added . Alaa Brinji wrote for several high-profile Saudi newspapers including al-Bilad , Okaz and al-Sharq . He was arrested in May 2014 and initially held incommunicado , Amnesty said . He was also accused of apostasy , a charge that carries a potential death sentence , but was acquitted due to lack of evidence . Some of his tweets accused security forces of killing protesters in the kingdom 's predominantly Shia east , while others criticised the ban on Saudi women driving .	A Saudi journalist has been sentenced to five years in prison for `` insulting the rulers and inciting public opinion '' in a series of tweets .
The Neopalpa donaldtrumpi was discovered in California by researcher Vazrick Nazari , of Ottawa , Canada . The name was inspired by the striking golden flakes covering its head , which he likened to Donald Trump 's famous mop . Nine species were named after President Barack Obama during his term in office . What Mr Trump will make of the honour remains to be seen - especially as the tiny moth , with its wingspan of just more than a centimetre , is native to southern California and the Mexican region of Baja California . However , Mr Nazari said he hoped it would inspire Mr Trump to prioritise ecological issues during his term in office . He told Live Science : `` I hope that the president will make conservation of such fragile ecosystems in the US his top priority . These ecosystems still contain many undiscovered and undescribed species , and deserve to be protected for future generations . ''	A tiny moth with a very recognisable `` hairstyle '' has become the first creature named after the soon-to-be 45th president of the United States .
Jean Watson was struck as she cycled near her home on the A752 Cumbernauld Road in Chryston , North Lanarkshire , on Thursday . The 31-year-old woman driving the grey Citroen car was not hurt . A spokesman for Police Scotland said a report would be sent to the procurator fiscal . Sgt Craig McDonald , from the Divisional Road Policing Unit based at Motherwell , said : `` Officers have so far been unable to trace any relatives of Ms Watson , who lived in Cumbernauld Road in Chryston , and I would appeal to anyone who can assist with this matter to come forward . `` I would also ask anyone with information regarding Ms Watson 's movements prior to the road crash to please get in touch . ''	An 83-year-old cyclist who was critically injured in a collision with a car in North Lanarkshire has died in hospital .
The Psychoactive Substances Act , which comes into force in the UK next month , makes it illegal to supply drugs which have a direct effect on mental processes , unless the drug is exempted . Ministers had indicated that poppers would be included in the ban . But advisers say poppers have only a `` peripheral '' effect on the brain . As a result , the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs said poppers - the name given to a group of chemicals called alkyl nitrites - `` do not fall within the scope of the current definition of a psychoactive substance '' . The council 's guidance is contained in a letter which also sets out the harms linked to the use of poppers . It says there were 11 deaths related to poppers in England and Wales from 1993 to 2013 . In January , Conservative MP Crispin Blunt said he used poppers and said banning supply would be `` fantastically stupid '' .	Government drugs advisers have said `` poppers '' - used by many gay men to enhance sexual experience - will not be covered by a ban on `` legal highs '' .
General manager Kris Radlinski confirmed Burgess ' exit at a fan forum . `` We did everything we could but he wants to experience the Sydney lifestyle , '' said Radlinski . Burgess , 20 , scored a try in Wigan 's Grand Final defeat by St Helens and was selected in England 's squad for the end-of-season Four Nations tournament . Meanwhile , 19-year-old prop Ryan Sutton and 22-year-old half-back Sam Powell have agreed four-year contracts with the Warriors , who begin the new campaign with an away fixture at Widnes on 5 February .	Wigan Warriors winger Joe Burgess will join Australian National Rugby League side Sydney Roosters at the end of the 2015 Super League season .
Julie Walker , 37 , and Lucas , six , died despite the efforts of members of the public and emergency services to save them . Lucas ' 13-year-old brother , Samuel , was among those who joined the rescue effort . The Crown Office said the procurator fiscal had concluded that no further investigation was required . It was a busy Saturday afternoon at Aberdeen beach last August when Ms Walker and Lucas drowned . Ms Walker had gone into the sea to try to save her son . A Crown Office spokesman said : `` The procurator fiscal received a report in connection with the death of a 37-year-old woman and a six-year-old boy in Aberdeen on 20 August 2016 . `` After careful consideration of the facts and circumstances of the case , the procurator fiscal concluded that no further investigation is required . `` The family have been informed of this decision . '' A review was ordered following the tragedy , leading to the setting up of the Aberdeen Water Safety Group . It involves eight different agencies , including the RNLI , Aberdeen City Council , UK Coastguard and Police Scotland . Classmates of Lucas at Bramble Brae School were joined by his relatives when they paid tribute to him by releasing balloons .	A fatal accident inquiry will not be held after a mother and her son drowned at Aberdeen beach .
The woman can not be named as she has been granted an anonymity order . She admitted charges of possessing of class B drugs with intent to supply , possessing class A and C drugs , and of being concerned in the supply of drugs . She will be sentenced at Derry Crown Court next Wednesday . A prosecutor told the court that police searched her home on 5 September 2012 , where they found cannabis , white tablets and white powder as well as deal bags in her bedroom . More cannabis was discovered downstairs , along with scales and other drug related paraphernalia . A mobile phone was also seized as well as £460 in cash . In total , 1.445kg of cannabis was found , with a street value of £28,800 . During a police interview , the woman told police she accepted responsibility for the drugs found in her bedroom but not the drugs in the rest of the house . She said she had won £3,500 on the Irish lottery and had spent £2,000 the previous night on drugs . The woman was released on continuing bail until Wednesday .	A Derry woman caught with drugs valued at £28,000 after winning more than £3,000 on the Irish lottery has been told that her case `` crosses the custody threshold by a mile '' .
Media playback is not supported on this device Ward , 27 , has won his last four fights at the higher weight following a technical draw with Stuart Hall at bantamweight level . His opponent on 20 November has also won his last four bouts . `` It 's for the British title but also for the number one spot in Europe , '' Ward told BBC Look North . `` It 's a massive catapult forward to world title contention , which is where every fighter dreams to be . `` You can skip a lot of steps on the ladder if I win the fight , that 's given me a lot of motivation to go on and win . '' The Hall draw , on the back of a huge cut above his eye that brought about an early stoppage to the fight , was a psychological blow to Ward . `` It was a big disappointment , you do all the hard work something you do n't expect to happen so early in the fight , '' he added . `` I was bitterly disappointed , had six months off . I had to put it all behind me , I 've started again pretty well and I 'm back where I want to be . ''	West Rainton fighter Martin Ward says his British super-bantamweight title fight against James Dickens is a springboard to greater opportunities .
A shot was fired through the window of the house at Stewart Avenue in Cookstown at about 23:15 GMT . The man who was in the house , who is aged in his his 50s , was left shaken by the attack . Police have appealed for anyone who witnesses the attack to contact them .	A man has escaped injury after a shot was fired at his house in County Tyrone on Wednesday night .
But if it does happen , an independent advocate should be appointed for that person , says the NHS guidelines . This follows criticism from watchdogs and a BBC Wales investigation in which experts said the service was in crisis . Health Minister Mark Drakeford said children `` should be accommodated in the most suitable environment '' . In a joint report last year , the Wales Audit Office and Healthcare Inspectorate Wales said that despite some improvement `` children and young people continue to be put at risk due to inappropriate admissions to adult mental health wards '' . Ministers say they are now consulting on draft guidance setting out the procedures for local health boards . The document acknowledges that Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services ( CAMHS ) `` have limited capacity to provide comprehensive out of hours services '' . However , it says only in `` very exceptional circumstances '' should children be admitted to adult services . Mr Drakeford said : `` This draft guidance sets out our expectation that the admission of a young person to any inpatient unit should be a rare event . `` I expect health boards to ensure services for children and young people are fit for purpose , that care is integrated across services and that inpatient services consider the individual needs of children and young people and develop services to cater for these needs . ''	Children and young people being admitted to adult mental health wards should be a `` rare event '' , says new draft guidance .
The Wales international was jailed for five years in 2012 after being found guilty of raping a 19-year-old woman at a hotel near Rhyl . Evans , 27 , was released in 2014 after serving half of his sentence . A three-person panel of judges , headed by Lady Justice Heather Hallett , is hearing the appeal , which is scheduled to last until Wednesday . The former Manchester City , Norwich and Sheffield United player has not been signed by a new club since his release from prison .	Footballer Ched Evans ' appeal against his conviction for rape has started at the Court of Appeal .
Media playback is not supported on this device People around the globe are preparing to turn their world upside down for International Handstand Day on Saturday so we thought we 'd go to the top for some advice . World pommel horse champion Max Whitlock gives you his three tips for doing a handstand . WATCH MORE : How to do a handstand nine different ways	Needing some extra help to be ready to do a handstand on 25 June ?
Controversial plans to add a further 16 turbines at Scout Moor , on land between Rochdale and Rossendale , were approved earlier this year . But now the government has `` called in '' the decision by Rossendale Borough Council to approve 14 of the turbines . It means a public inquiry will be held before further progress is made . Scout Moor wind farm opened in 2008 with the 26 existing wind turbines generating enough electricity for 40,000 homes . Rochdale Borough Council approved plans for the final two turbines to be added . Opponents are concerned the expansion of the wind farm will impact negatively on the natural beauty of the area . But energy companies Peel Energy and United Utilities said consultations have shown opposition to the plans is low . MW = Megawatts Source : RenewableUK	The government will make the final decision on plans to create what is believed to be England 's largest onshore wind farm .
The ex-London mayor faces a fresh inquiry for denouncing a party decision to extend his suspension for a year . Mr Jones said he called for expulsion last year when Mr Livingstone first made `` these deeply offensive remarks '' . `` There is no place for these views in the Labour Party and no place for anyone who espouses them , '' he said . `` We have a zero tolerance position on racism so there can be no debate as to what action the party must take . `` These repeated comments are totally and utterly unacceptable and Ken Livingstone must be expelled from the Labour Party . '' Mr Livingstone has been suspended since April 2016 when he claimed Hitler had supported Zionism in the 1930s . On Tuesday a Labour party disciplinary panel upheld three charges of breaching party rules and extended the suspension for another year . Some Labour MPs and Jewish groups have criticised the decision not to expel Mr Livingstone , but he said he had been `` suspended for stating the truth '' . Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said Mr Livingstone would face a fresh investigation , saying it was `` deeply disappointing that , despite his long record of standing up to racism , Ken has failed to acknowledge or apologise for the hurt he has caused '' .	First Minister Carwyn Jones has said Ken Livingstone should be expelled from the Labour party for repeating comments about Adolf Hitler and Zionism .
The multi-million pound project will include a new stand , changing rooms and a new playing surface . Since its inception , the project has been beset by a number of delays and was recently criticised by Derry City Football Club 's chairman . The contract for regeneration works is due to be announced within a fortnight . The announcement was made at a full council meeting on Thursday evening . SDLP councillor Brian Tierney welcomed the update as a `` very positive step '' . `` It will come as great news to all users of the stadium , we 've all seen the results that Derry City have been getting on the field . `` They deserve a stadium , the Brandywell area deserves a good stadium and we 're delighted to see the council officers come back and say they have identified a contractor and I hope to see work start before the end of November . `` I would be very disappointed if that did n't happen , but this is a very , very positive step and everyone wants to see the project move on . `` Hopefully we 'll be able to see diggers on the ground and put everyone at ease , '' he said . Mr Tierney added that a date for the work to be completed was not yet set in stone as it was dependent on a number of other factors , including the weather .	Work will begin on the redevelopment of Brandywell stadium in November , according to Derry City and Strabane District Council .
2 June 2017 Last updated at 07:59 BST In 2015 , there was a huge international agreement to do something about climate change from nearly 200 world leaders . Among them was Barack Obama , who was the US president at the time . Only two countries chose not to sign the deal , and now Trump has announced he 's pulling the US out of it too . But leaders across the planet have reacted with anger and disappointment . Watch Leah 's report for more on why Trump 's done it - and what it means .	American President Donald Trump has made a big decision on climate change .
Stephanie Turtle , 50 , who was born in Derby , moved to south west France last year to set up a guest house business with her husband David , 62 . Mrs Turtle 's body was found beneath her husband 's car at the couple 's property in Prayssac , near Toulouse , on 30 March . A post-mortem examination found she died from asphyxia after being crushed . David Turtle , who was a Conservative councillor on Bournemouth Council between 2015-16 , initially told investigators he had argued with his wife and her death was an accident . French police have now charged him with murder and he remains in custody . Speaking at the opening of the inquest in Derby , Det Con Wayne Neal , of Derbyshire Police , said : `` The French police are treating the incident as suspicious . `` David Turtle has been arrested and charged in relation to Stephanie Turtle 's death and he is remanded in custody . `` The French police are continuing their investigation . '' Speaking after the inquest , Mrs Turtle 's sister Catherine Seymour , said : `` She was hard-working , clever , fun-loving , kind ; a lovely person and all of her family and friends are heartbroken . '' The inquest was adjourned until June , pending developments in the criminal case .	A former councillor has been charged with the murder of his wife in France , Derbyshire Police have said .
Among those at Buckingham Palace were the widow and son of Fusilier Lee Rigby , killed outside Woolwich Barracks in south-east London in 2013 . Prince Harry told the crowd : `` We 're here to celebrate you '' . The prince and duke have recently spoken of the loss of their mother . William and Kate joined children at face-painting and cupcake decorating stalls , while circus acts and magicians also entertained the guests . Prince Harry told guests : `` We as a family , we as a nation , and we up and down the country will never ever forget about the sacrifices that every single one of you have made . '' He added : `` For that , every single one of us here , all the organisers , the three of us the whole of our family and the whole of this nation , thank you so , so much for everything you guys have done . `` I can assure you that Buckingham Palace gardens have not seen this much fun , ever . ''	Prince Harry and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge became children 's entertainers while hosting a party for the families of servicemen and women killed while serving their country .
A number of controlled explosions were carried out on a car in Azalea Gardens . A number of items were recovered and taken away for further examination . Police have said they believe it may be linked to a robbery in Dunmurry . On 3 April , three men dressed as postmen , and one armed with a suspected gun , robbed offices in The Cutts area . They assaulted two female members of staff and escaped with cash . The alert began on Friday night . Residents in the area were not moved out , but were advised to stay towards the rear of their homes . `` I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the local community , who have been inconvenienced during the operation , for their patience , '' Det Insp Stephen Harvey said . `` I would appeal to anyone who has information about the robbery at The Cutts , or who saw any suspicious activity in the Azalea Gardens area , to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 , quoting reference 1178 of 7/4/17 . ''	A security alert in west Belfast 's Twinbrook estate has ended .
The attack was carried out by suspected Boko Haram gunmen . A government spokesman said the Islamist group was spreading terror by targeting civilians . Boko Haram has been waging an insurgency since 2009 and is seeking to create an Islamic state in northern Nigeria . The attack happened on Sunday but news only emerged on Thursday after survivors reached the city of Maiduguri . So far there has been no official claim of responsibility from any group . Government spokesman Mike Omeri released a statement condemning the `` deplorable act '' late on Thursday . `` It is impossible to verify the number of those missing at this early stage because it is presumed that many civilians fled during the attack , '' he said . One witness , who said he helped bury 33 bodies , told the BBC that about 200 women and children had been kidnapped from Gumsuri village in the north-eastern Borno state . There have been an increasing number of attacks in Nigeria since three states - Borno , Adamawa and Yobe - were put under emergency rule more than 18 months ago . The kidnapping of more than 200 schoolgirls by Boko Haram in April from the town of Chibok in Borno state sparked international outrage . Who are Boko Haram ? Profile : Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau	Nigeria 's government has said it is `` outraged and deeply saddened '' after militants attacked a remote village and reportedly kidnapped about 200 people .
The Bulgarian , 36 , wants to play professionally again and says the relegated club is his `` priority '' . Petrov played for Wychall Wanderers in the West Midlands Central League in 2014 having retired the previous year . `` I have decided to start trying to play football at a higher level again , '' said the former Celtic midfielder . Petrov , who is training with Villa 's Under-21s , was diagnosed with leukaemia after he developed a fever following a 3-0 defeat at Arsenal in March 2012 . He had four months of chemotherapy before it was announced in August of the same year that the disease was in remission . `` I am very excited , '' added former Bulgaria captain Petrov , who briefly joined the Villa coaching staff in March 2015 . `` People will be asking a lot of questions and will have a lot of doubts . `` My fitness is getting close to when I retired , so let 's see where we go . Aston Villa remains my priority . '' Petrov made 218 appearances for Villa , relegated to the second tier for the first time since 1987 , after joining from Celtic for £6.5m in 2006 . He has set up a foundation to help leukaemia sufferers .	Former Aston Villa captain Stiliyan Petrov is in training with a view to coming out of retirement four years after being diagnosed with leukaemia .
The USA international , and former national team captain , played Super 14s in South Africa with the Lions and at North Harbour in New Zealand . `` He is a physical defender and a powerful attacker , '' director of rugby Dean Richards said . Despite featuring in three World Cups , Clever was omitted from the 2015 squad . He said : `` The club is expecting big things in the next few years and I 'm looking forward to it . `` It 's good to be in the situation as a new player coming in where people expect big things . ''	Newcastle Falcons have signed flanker Todd Clever following his departure from Japanese side NTT Shining Arcs earlier this year .
The pair are both out of contract this summer but have been let go early by mutual consent to find new clubs . Obertan , 27 , joined the Magpies from Manchester United in 2011 and scored three times in 77 games . Marveaux , 30 , moved from Rennes that summer and made the last of his 57 Magpies appearances in March 2014 , spending last season at Guingamp .	Newcastle United have released French wingers Gabriel Obertan and Sylvain Marveaux .
The 27-year-old 's body was found after officers were called to his Isle of Man home on 30 July . Insp Iain MacMillan said : `` Mr Baggs had suffered from asthma for many years and died as a result of his condition . '' Police have informed the coroner that the Plymouth-born entrepreneur died from `` natural causes '' . Insp McKillop said : `` From the reaction we have encountered during our enquiries , it is clear that this is a tragic and premature loss of such a hardworking and visionary young man . `` We extend our thoughts to the family at this sad time and on their behalf I would request that they are now left in peace to grieve . '' Baggs lived in the Isle of Man for most of his life and ran a telecommunications company . When he was aged 21 in 2010 , he became the youngest ever candidate to appear on the BBC One show The Apprentice . Baggs , who was fired in the semi-final , became famous for his one-liners which included `` Everything I touch turns to sold '' and `` I 'm Stuart Baggs the brand '' . He was found dead by police after they were called to his home on Central Promenade in Douglas , at 09:00 BST last Thursday . Source : NHS website	The sudden death of former Apprentice star Stuart Baggs was caused by an asthma attack , police have said .
Margam Crematorium wants to follow Neath Port Talbot council 's policy for free child burials in its grounds . At present , no fee is charged for stillborn babies or children under one , but it costs £457 for children aged one to 16 . The cost for over-16s is £585 . A meeting will be held on Friday where the crematorium 's committee has been recommended to scrap the fees . Swansea Crematorium and Coychurch Crematorium in Bridgend do not charge a cremation fees for children up to 16 but there is a cost to use the chapel . Separate fees for ashes to be interred or scattered at Margam will remain in place . The proposal follow 's Swansea East MP Carolyn Harris 's campaign calling on the UK government to abolish child burial fees . Ms Harris had to take out a loan to bury her son Martin after he died in a road accident in 1989 . In March , First Minister Carwyn Jones said he would scrap child burial fees - a move expected to cost up to £1m a year . Councils including Bridgend , Cardiff , Caerphilly , Swansea , Torfaen and Merthyr Tydfil have already dropped their child burial fees .	A crematorium in Neath Port Talbot could abolish service charges for children aged under 12 .
Wickham , 22 , elbowed Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen in the face during the two sides ' Premier League match at Selhurst Park on Saturday . Spurs won 3-1 , but Vertonghen suffered a knee injury in the incident . Despite admitting the charge , Wickham had argued against the standard three-game ban , but the Independent Regulatory Commission rejected that . The incident happened in the 69th minute of the match as the pair jostled for position when a corner was being taken , with Vertonghen landing awkwardly after being elbowed . The 28-year-old was immediately subbed and it was later revealed that he had damaged his medial knee ligaments , although Spurs have not stated how long he will be out of action for . Wickham will miss his side 's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Stoke on Saturday , a Premier League game against Bournemouth and either an away match at Swansea or the FA Cup replay against Stoke , if that is required . Crystal Palace are 11th in the Premier League and this week added former Arsenal , Manchester City and Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor to their squad .	Crystal Palace striker Connor Wickham has been banned for three matches after admitting a violent conduct charge .
The charity said 111 people were killed and more than 1,000 seriously injured on Welsh roads last year . It is launching its `` look out for each other '' campaign at the start of Road Safety Week . It said : `` Road crashes are not accidents ; they are devastating and preventable events . ''	A fixed penalty for careless driving or speeding is issued every 10 minutes in Wales , according to the road safety charity Brake .
The party gained its first ever seat on the council , with Emily Durrant elected to represent Llangors . Meanwhile Plaid Cymru gained two seats on the authority , which now has no overall control after independents failed to keep a majority . Ceredigion council will remain under no overall control after no party secured a majority of the vote . Plaid Cymru won 19 seats , independents have 13 , the Liberal Democrats have eight and Labour has one . The election for Llandyfriog ward has been postponed following the death of a candidate . Former Ceredigion leader Keith Evans , who lost his seat in 2012 , won the Llandysul seat . The independent took the seat from Plaid Cymru . And former leader Jill Hopley , an independent , lost the New Quay seat to another independent . The county 's first result saw the Liberal Democrats re-elected to the Aberaeron seat . In Powys , Plaid gained its first seat on the council as Bryn Pyryddon Davies took the Llanwddyn ward from an independent .	The Green Party has gained its first seat of the local elections in Powys as no party gained overall control .
The English Football Association had hoped to field men 's and women 's teams at the Games but failed to gain support from the other home nations . The FA wrote to the Scottish , Welsh and Northern Irish associations on Monday to inform them of the decision . GB fielded men 's and women 's teams at London 2012 , with both sides knocked out at the quarter-final stage . Fifa vice-president Jim Boyce previously stated he had been given `` an absolute categorical reassurance '' by Fifa that GB teams would only be allowed if there was agreement from all the home nations . Media playback is not supported on this device Scotland 's FA feared a united British team could risk its independence within Fifa , world football 's governing body , and agreed to co-operate for London 2012 on the basis it was a one-off . It has said the English FA `` underestimated the strength of feelings from the other home nations '' . Football Association of Wales president Trefor Lloyd Hughes said he was `` livid '' with plans to reform GB teams when he heard about them . Despite strong opposition from the Scottish , Welsh and Northern Irish associations , five Welshmen were selected for the men 's squad in 2012 , with two Scots making the women 's .	Plans for Great Britain football teams to compete at the 2016 Rio Olympics have been scrapped .
The body of Kye Backhouse was found at his home in Ewan Close , Barrow-in-Furness , at about 07:20 GMT on 9 October 2014 . His father , Kevin Morton , 49 , also of Ewan Close , pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Preston Crown Court on Tuesday . Sentencing was adjourned until 22 June for pre-sentence and psychiatric reports to be prepared .	A father has admitted the manslaughter of his 13-year-old son in Cumbria .
The 29-year-old , who has won 24 Scotland caps , sustained the damage in the 47-17 thrashing of the Dragons earlier this month . Vernon had returned from a 14-month lay-off in February , having struggled to overcome a shoulder problem . The converted back-row is out of contract at the end of the season . Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend said : `` We 're disappointed for Richie that he faces another spell on the sidelines , not long after he 'd worked hard to get back to full fitness . `` The surgery was a success and we wish him all the best with his rehab . ''	Glasgow Warriors centre Richie Vernon faces up to nine months on the sidelines after undergoing surgery on an Achilles tendon injury .
The 22-year-old former Plymouth Argyle man has spent the last two seasons with Truro City , scoring 24 goals . `` We had him watched at Truro and wanted to get him into our own environment to see how he 'd adapt , '' Hatters boss Nathan Jones told the club website . `` He is one to be excited about because he has so much more to prove . We can bring the potential out of him . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Luton Town have signed striker Isaac Vassell on a one-year deal following a trial spell .
Police said the boy , 16 , was arrested after the fire at The Orchard in Quedgeley . A woman escaped from the building but a dog died in the blaze . Firefighters from Gloucester , Stroud , Painswick and Cheltenham were called to the blaze in the early hours . The boy was released on police bail on Friday evening , pending further inquiries . Richard Smith from Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue said the fire was `` very severe '' . He said the building was currently too unsafe to enter . Mr Smith said a `` full fire investigation '' was under way at the pub in Olympus Park and the service was working with Gloucester Police . He added about 50 firefighters were called to the blaze and stopped it from spreading to neighbouring buildings .	A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a pub in Gloucester was destroyed by fire .
17 August 2016 Last updated at 09:25 BST History was made on the velodrome , where cyclist Laura Trott became the first British woman to win four Olympic gold medals . Soon after , her fiancÃ© Jason Kenny won his sixth gold , equalling the record held by Sir Chris Hoy . Team GB 's youngest athlete , 16-year-old Amy Tinkler , won a bronze medal in gymnastics floor event . And there was more success in diving , sailing , and boxing . Watch Ricky 's full round-up .	You could call it a `` Terrific Tuesday '' after Team GB took nine more medals on day 11 at the Rio Olympics .
The $ 3m ( Â£2m ) effort will move the 400-tonne Gay Head Lighthouse in Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts . The 160-year-old structure helped mariners navigate foggy coastlines during the peak of the whaling trade in the region in the 1800s . The historic lighthouse should arrive at its destination farther away from the Atlantic Ocean by Saturday . As it stands now , it is only 46ft ( 14 metres ) from the edge of a cliff . Gay Head Lighthouse is a popular tourist destination for holidays , on the western side of Martha 's Vineyard . The lighthouse has been hoisted off the ground to prepare for the move . The lighthouse will be passed along steel beams and rollers by hydraulic jacks , which will move it 129 feet ( 39 meters ) southeast of its current location . Within two years , the lighthouse would have been too near to the edge to move safely . The call to move it has become more urgent in recent years due to landslides , strong ocean waves and groundwater , eroding the surrounding Gay Head cliffs .	A US lighthouse will begin a journey inland on Thursday to avoid falling down an eroding cliff side .
Twenty firefighters were called to the warehouse-style Copdock Country Store in Old London Road , Copdock , at 0130 GMT . The fire took hold in the office area and took two hours to extinguish . Owner Mark Gladwell said a 22-stone ( 140kg ) safe was taken and a corner of the building had been destroyed . `` All the records , computers have gone , '' he added . `` It 's going to take a few weeks to get trading again from this part of the building . ''	An animal feed shop in Suffolk has been severely damaged after being struck by a car , burgled and then set alight .
Donacien , 23 , joined Stanley last season on a one-year deal with the option for further 12 months , but has now signed a new extended deal . He made 35 appearances last season in League Two as Accrington finished 13th . `` This contract gives me a lot of security and , since I came at the start of last season , I have enjoyed my football here '' said Donacien ,	Accrington Stanley defender Janoi Donacien has signed a new contract , keeping him at the club until 2019 .
That 's the position Taoiseach ( Irish Prime Minister ) Enda Kenny found himself in on Wednesday . Mr Kenny and two of his cabinet ministers were trapped between floors at a food plant in County Kildare . A technician was called and the taoiseach and his colleagues were freed after a few minutes . It put a downer on an event to mark the official opening of the new food technology centre . But , looking at the upside , cabinet minister Jimmy Deenihan was heard to quip that the lift was `` a good meeting room '' . It is not the first time a top Irish politician has had their buttons pushed by temperamental transport . In 2013 , the then health minister , James Reilly and his colleague Kathleen Lynch were trapped in a lift for 15 minutes while touring a new health centre .	Politicians are used to having little room to manoeuvre , but political strategy is not much use when you are stuck in a lift .
Boro looked to settle for a point after Simon Cox cancelled out Emilio Nsue 's opener , but substitute Forshaw netted in injury time to win it . The win took the Teessiders to the top of the Championship table . `` When Adam scored , once again we were together and the crowd was amazing , '' Karanka told BBC Tees . `` It was a difficult game , I can understand the frustration [ of supporters ] when they want us to win the games but they trust these players and together is best way to go about it . '' Karanka 's side have won their past five games following the Spaniard 's absence from the defeat at Charlton on 13 March , when he was contemplating his future . With that episode resolved , Boro have rediscovered their form to lead the table from Burnley by two points . `` It was our third game at home in a row , and it 's always difficult after the QPR game - people already had nine points in their pockets , '' he said . `` I feel how difficult is to win every game so now we 're in a really good position , I 'm pleased for them and I could n't be prouder than I am at this moment . ''	Middlesbrough showed togetherness with the squad 's celebrations after Adam Forshaw 's late winner against Reading , says boss Aitor Karanka .
The incident took place on the Belfast Road , Saintfield , at about 17:55 BST on Thursday , and involved a Mini , Mercedes and Mitsubishi Outlander . The main road between Carryduff and Saintfield remains closed , and police are appealing for witnesses . Officers want to hear from anyone who may have been driving on the A7 Belfast Road at the time and saw any of the cars . Anyone with information is asked to contact police on the non-emergency number 101 .	A woman has died in a three-car crash in County Down .
28 April 2016 Last updated at 01:40 BST Hundreds of artisans have been helping to restore Nepal 's temples and monuments . Recreating the intricate detail has helped them to connect with the generations of craftsmen who have gone before , while introducing a more modern touch . Filmmaker Oliver Wilkins went to Nepal with former British army officer Doc McKerr , who is a UK goodwill ambassador to Nepal , to see how the country is coping after the earthquake and to encourage tourists to return . Footage courtesy of returntonepal.com and music by Papu Sebastian .	When the 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck Nepal a year ago it not only claimed thousands of lives but severely damaged many historic sites .
Cardiff Crown Court heard Joland Giwa , 26 , robbed the William Hill betting shop in Newport in November 2014 . Giwa covered his face with a red bandana and jumped over the counter before pushing over the cashier and stealing Â£600 from the till . He was moved to a bail hostel in Newport in January last year to start life away from fellow gang members . But the court heard that by November he had returned to his life of crime . He admitted one count of robbery and will be sentenced at a later date . The South Wales Argus reported last year that Giwa had been released from immigration detention on the order of a judge . Prior to that he had served 27 months in prison for robbery and theft . The Home Office said at the time that it had opposed the judge 's decision to release him from detention , saying : `` We vigorously opposed this individual 's application for bail and we are very disappointed by the court 's decision . `` He will be subject to rigorous monitoring , including an electronic tag , and we are continuing to fight for his removal from the UK . '' Attempts to deport him have failed because neither Sierra Leone , Nigeria or any other country would take him .	A London gang leader who was given a fresh start in Wales admitted a robbery in his new home city .
The poll was split into six categories and TV fans can now vote for the overall winner - in the meantime , here are the dramas that triumphed in each category . Runners-up : Poldark , North & South , Downton Abbey , Wolf Hall Runners-up : The Good Wife , Game of Thrones , Mad Men , Breaking Bad Runners-up : Last Tango in Halifax , Spooks , Doc Martin , Marvellous Runners-up : The Killing , Inspector Montalbano , Borgen , Spiral Runners-up : Line of Duty , Foyle 's War , Life on Mars , Endeavour Runners-up : Doctor Who , Being Human , In the Flesh , Misfits So what do you think ? Do you agree with the choices above ? Or have the Radio Times readers got it wrong ? Let us know your thoughts ! An overall winner from the six categories will be announced at the BFI Radio Times Festival in London on 9 April . Voting is open to the public until 1600 BST on the same day . Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	The Radio Times has revealed the best television dramas of the 21st Century , as voted for by its readers .
The incident , which saw one car come to rest in a field , took place on the southbound carriageway between junctions six and nine at about 10:30 . One of the injured people was airlifted to Ninewells Hospital and the other transported by ambulance . The carriageway was closed following the collision , but reopened shortly before noon .	Two people have been seriously injured following a three-vehicle collision on the M90 near Kinross .
Film studio Warner Bros is looking for a girl between the ages of eight and 12 to play the character of Modesty . `` Modesty is a haunted young girl with an inner strength and stillness , '' the studio said . `` She has an ability to see deep into people and understand them . '' The casting call will take place at the Excel Centre in London on Saturday . The chosen youngster will star opposite Eddie Redmayne in what is bound to be one of the biggest film releases of next year . Rowling has written the script for the film , which is based on a Harry Potter spin-off book she published in 2001 . Redmayne will play `` magizoologist '' Newt Scamander , who writes a Hogwarts School textbook about the weird and wonderful fictional creatures he encounters . Hopeful actresses have been invited to start queuing from 9am on Saturday . They will follow in the footsteps of actors Daniel Radcliffe , Emma Watson and Rupert Grint , who played Ron Weasley and first heard about Harry Potter auditions on Newsround more than 15 years ago . Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is expected to be released on 18 November 2016 .	An open audition is to be held to find a girl to star in JK Rowling 's Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them .
The regulator , The Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) has already warned that up to 670,000 consumers face such fees . In a survey of people withdrawing cash from their pension , Citizens Advice found those with smaller funds were paying proportionately larger charges . Those with pension pots of less than £20,000 typically paid £1966 in fees . The regulator is planning to introduce a cap of 1 % on such fees , from March 2017 . But Citizens Advice said even that cap would be too high . It is calling for a standard £50 charge to cover the providers ' administration costs . `` The threat of excessive charges can also put people off making the right pension choices for them , '' said Gillian Guy , the chief executive of Citizens Advice . `` A standard £50 exit fee across all types of pensions will mean consumers can make the most of the pension freedoms . '' The survey was based on 500 people who had taken money out of their pensions since April 2015 , when the pension freedoms began .	Withdrawing money from a pension fund can cost savers up to 10 % of their retirement fund , according to Citizens Advice .
Newcastle-under-Lyme and Stafford colleges merged last year , forming the Newcastle and Stafford Colleges Group ( NSCG ) . The group said funding cuts and lower student numbers in Stafford meant savings were needed . A review will also examine look at subjects which `` are no longer financially sustainable '' . NSCG is due to consult with unions over the plans , which have yet to comment . More on this and other stories from Stoke and Staffordshire NSCG principal and chief executive Karen Dobson said `` significant investment '' in student facilities and resources had already been provided to improve Stafford College , but `` difficult decisions '' have to be made . `` Job cuts to ensure an efficient support staffing structure are an unfortunate but necessary action that we have to take to bring the financial stability needed to allow for ongoing investment in our students , curriculum and facilities , '' she said . `` We are looking to ensure the effect on front-line teaching staff is minimal . ''	About 100 jobs are `` at risk '' at two colleges , operators have announced , as part of £2m savings measures .
The Sims Group is consulting over plans to close its Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment unit at South Dock , which would see 99 posts go . A 45-day consultation period began on 10 July . The GMB union is consulting and said no final decision had been made , but changes in the market place meant the business was `` commercially unattractive '' . In June , Australia-based Sims Metal Management published outline details of a restructuring of its business in the UK and Canada . It said the review `` determined certain loss-making assets to be outside of the strategic long-term interests of the company '' . A statement continued : `` Legislation and market dynamics in the UK and Canada have resulted in these businesses being commercially unattractive to the company going forward '' . The Sims Group is the world 's largest publicly-listed recycler of both metals and electronic materials . A nearby fridge recycling unit operated by Sims , which employs 35 staff , will be unaffected by the closure proposals .	Nearly 100 jobs are under threat at a recycling plant in Newport .
Abercynon-born Dower won 34 of his 37 professional fights . Dower fought for a world title in 1957 but lost to Pascual Perez in Argentina and retired aged 25 a year later . After moving to the south coast of England he taught sport at Ringwood Grammar School in Bournemouth and at Bournemouth University and was made an MBE in 1998 . Media playback is not supported on this device In 2011 Dower was presented with a Lonsdale belt - awarded to British champions - more than 50 years after winning the crown . Boxers can keep the belts if they successfully defend their title twice , but Dower was forced to give up his when called up for national service . Friends at Bournemouth ex-Boxers ' Association raised funds to buy him a replacement .	Former British , European and Empire flyweight champion Dai Dower has died at the age of 83 .
The 24-year-old former Poland Under-21 international joined Town from Polish side Korona Kielce on a two-year contract in the summer . But he has been restricted to just six appearances and moves to a team currently ninth in League One . Meanwhile , Ipswich have extended midfielder Ben Pringle 's loan from Fulham until the end of the season . The 26-year-old has made seven appearances for Mick McCarthy 's side since joining in February , scoring in 1-0 wins over Huddersfield and Nottingham Forest . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Southend United have signed Ipswich Town defender Piotr Malarczyk on loan for the rest of the season .
Taylor , ranked 447 in the world at the start of the week , only got into the tournament on Monday as first reserve . The 39-year-old American secured victory when overnight leader Phil Mickelson missed a five-foot birdie putt on the 18th to force a play-off . `` I do n't even have my tour card - now I am playing in the Masters , '' said Taylor , who finished on 17 under par . The victory means Taylor qualifies for the first major of the year in Augusta in April . Overnight leader Mickelson was trying to win his first tournament in 50 starts since the 2013 Open Championship but a level par final-round 72 left him one shot off the pace . `` It never crossed my mind that I would n't make that one , '' said Mickelson , who missed out on a fifth career victory at Pebble Beach . A three-under 69 took England 's Justin Rose into a tie for sixth , while world number one Jordan Spieth finished tied for 21st .	Vaughn Taylor hit a seven-under-par 65 to win his first PGA Tour title in 11 years at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am .
The Croatia international was taken off on a stretcher in the 117th minute of the Reds ' League Cup penalty shootout victory over Carlisle at Anfield . `` He landed awkwardly but fingers crossed I do n't think it 's as bad as it looked , '' said McAllister . Roberto Firmino also went off , but McAllister said he `` seems fine '' . The Brazilian forward was replaced in the 35th minute . `` Like Dejan , he landed badly , '' said McAllister . `` It was just a ball he went up for and he 's landed on the base of his spine , just on his lower back . '' Liverpool , who are 13th in the Premier League , host 17th-placed Aston Villa on Saturday ( 15:00 BST ) .	Liverpool are hopeful defender Dejan Lovren 's injury is not as bad as initially feared , says assistant manager Gary McAllister .
Greenbank ( IOM ) wanted permission in principle to build up to 200 houses and a 100-bed care unit on the site . It claimed more than 60 permanent jobs would be created and about Â£500,000-a-year generated for the local economy . The committee moved to reject the plans but a full council meeting will now decide on whether they can progress . The developers have offered more than Â£250,000 towards upgrading water and drainage infrastructure in the area . They have also said they would construct a `` fully equipped '' youth centre on the site . However , planning officers remained unconvinced by the proposals . They said the development was outside the `` settlement boundary '' for Gretna and there were not sufficient grounds to allocate the land for development .	A planning committee has recommended refusal for a residential development and nursing home on a former golf course in Gretna .
The 26-year-old , drafted to Indianapolis in 2012 , is now contracted to the Colts until the end of the 2021 season . Luck 's wages take him above the annual average of $ 22.1m collected by Joe Flacco of the Baltimore Ravens , the previous record earner . `` I am thrilled and excited , '' Luck said . The Colts made the play-offs in Luck 's first three seasons with them but he suffered an injury-hit 2015 , missing two early matches with a shoulder problem before suffering a lacerated kidney that ruled him out after week nine . Colts owner Jim Irsay said : `` This is an exciting day for the organisation and Colts fans around the globe . `` Andrew is the consummate professional , possesses extraordinary talent and is our leader on and off the field . ''	Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck has signed a new six-year deal worth $ 140m ( £104m ) to become the highest-earning player in NFL history .
Councillors representing the New Forest National Park Authority voted in favour of instigating the Cycle Charter . There are 30 clauses containing guidance for people organising cycling events in the New Forest . The cap on the number of cyclists in large events has been called `` discriminatory '' by CTC , the national cycling charity . New Forest National Park Authority chairman Oliver Crosthwaite-Eyre said : `` The vast majority of cycle events are under this threshold and have been operating without any complaint for many years . `` The figure of 1,000 has been well received by parish councils . `` We hope that all event organisers will follow the charter 's criteria even if they do n't agree with it all . '' The charter will be sent to all cycle event organisers , the authority said . The Safety Advisory Group for the forest will work with event organisers and review each event on a `` case-by-case '' basis . Sam Jones , campaigns co-ordinator for CTC , said : `` The cap in cycling numbers was loosely justified on safety grounds . `` It is therefore mystifying and incredibly frustrating that our amendment , which placed the Safety Advisory Group at the very heart of decision-making for each and every cycle event , was rejected . `` Instead , an arbitrary and discriminatory cap with no foundation in evidence will be implemented . ''	A voluntary charter restricting the number of cyclists in events to 1,000 has been approved for the New Forest .
Staff at the Nature Discovery Centre in Thatcham , Berkshire , removed most of the fish on Sunday after complaints from members of the public . They said about 100 carp and perch died after an increase in algae reduced oxygen levels in the water . A spokeswoman for the centre said it remained open despite `` very difficult circumstances '' . Dr Kate Dent , conservation director at the Berkshire , Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust , said its priority was `` maintaining safety and access '' . She said : `` The appearance of the lake and the dead fish has obviously been distressing . `` We believe the reduction in air temperature and breaking up of the bloom should help return the lake to normal very shortly . '' Dr Dent added the smell was due to the `` algal bloom '' breaking down , dead fish they could not retrieve and a delay in the centre 's commercial waste collection . Leigh Bremner posted pictures of the dead fish on Twitter and said here was a `` horrid smell this weekend '' .	Visitors to a nature centre complained of a `` horrid smell '' after about 100 dead fish were discovered in its lake .
The Masters champion is in a nine-way tie for fifth after finishing with an eagle in Switzerland . Fellow Englishman Daniel Brooks shares a four-way tie for the lead . Willett will play in the Ryder Cup on 30 September and European team-mates Andy Sullivan and Matt Fitzpatrick struggled at Crans-sur-Sierre . Sullivan finished on four-over with Fitzpatrick a shot back , while fellow Englishmen James Morrison and Andrew Johnston are tied for second with Willett . Willett , 28 , has struggled since winning his first major at Augusta in April . finishing no higher than 37th place at the US Open , The Open Championship , the US PGA Championship and the Rio Olympics . The European Masters is one of a handful of tournaments before the Ryder Cup begins at Hazeltine in the United States . We 've launched a new BBC Sport newsletter , bringing all the best stories , features and video right to your inbox . You can sign up here .	Defending champion Danny Willett carded a five-under-par 65 to sit a shot behind the leaders after the opening round of the European Masters .
Crews were called to the scene on the A7 between Galashiels and Selkirk before 10:00 . Police were sent to the incident to help with traffic management in the area . Diversions were in place and drivers advised to avoid the route for about four hours while efforts continued to bring the flames under control . A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokeswoman said firefighters had been tackling what they described as `` a large gorse fire '' . `` Four appliances were mobilised after the call was received at 09:54 on Thursday , 11 May , '' she said . Crews used `` powerful water jets and beaters '' to tackle the flames .	One of the main routes through the Scottish Borders has reopened after being shut due to a gorse fire .
The Council on American-Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) said the handwritten and photocopied letters also praised President-elect Donald Trump . The letters - signed only by `` Americans for a Better Way '' - warned that Mr Trump would `` cleanse America '' . There is no indication that Mr Trump is in any way connected to the hate mail . He has not publicly commented on the issue . During his electoral campaign , Mr Trump suggested banning Muslims from entering the US . CAIR said the letters had been sent in recent days to mosques in San Jose , and Long Beach and Claremont in the Los Angeles area . The letters were addressed to the `` children of Satan '' , the civil rights group said . A police investigation was under under way into what was treated like a `` hate-motivated incident , '' San Jose Police Department spokesman Sgt Enrique Garcia was quoted as saying by the Associated Press news agency .	A US civil rights group has called for more police protection after several mosques in California received letters calling Muslims `` vile and filthy '' .
The incident happened in the upper bar area of Hootananny in Church Street at about 02:30 on 14 June . The man in the CCTV images was described as being between 20 and 30 , 6ft , with dark hair gelled in a comb-over style . He was wearing a black and dark green T-shirt , dark blue jeans and black shoes with white stripes on the sides .	Police have released images of a man they want to trace following an assault on another man in an Inverness pub .
More than 1,000 people have died in Liberia , Guinea , Sierra Leone and Nigeria since the outbreak was first reported in February . Miguel Pajares , 75 , was airlifted back to Spain from Liberia last week with a nun who tested negative for the virus . For the past few days he had been treated with an untested , experimental drug , Zmapp . A World Health Organization ( WHO ) panel in Geneva has meanwhile approved the ethics of using ZMapp . According to the Reuters news agency , the panel said it was ethical to combat the Ebola outbreak by offering drugs or vaccines whose side-effects and efficacy had yet to be proven . The priest was part of a Catholic order at St Joseph 's hospital in the Liberian capital , Monrovia . The hospital has now been closed because of the outbreak . A Congolese nun died there on Saturday , days after its director , Patrick Nshamdze , also died .	A Spanish missionary who contracted the Ebola virus while working in West Africa has died in hospital in Madrid .
The 34-year-old has made 484 league appearances , including spells at Norwich , Swindon and Colchester . Manager Jim Bentley told the club website : `` His vast experience will be vital for us this season . He is an excellent addition to our squad . '' The Shrimps also announced deals for free agent Daniel Nizic and Liverpool player Jack Dunn over the weekend . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Morecambe have signed defender Michael Rose on a one-year deal after the player was released by Rochdale .
The 26-year-old was the Championship club 's top scorer last season , with 20 goals in 48 games in all competitions . Lansdown also said the Robins would not sell Kodjia to any Championship clubs . `` It would have to be a mega price to prize him away and it would have to be a Premier League side , '' Lansdown told BBC Radio Bristol . `` People have talked about five or six million - no chance . '' The former Angers front man , who signed for the club in July 2015 for around £2m , played 90 minutes as City beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 on Saturday in their first match of 2016-17 and their first home game in the fully-redeveloped Ashton Gate . `` We would n't sell him to anybody in in the Championship because we 're looking to compete in the Championship this year , and he 's an integral part of that , '' Lansdown added . `` If it 's not £10 million-plus , we 're not even looking at it . If it 's £10 million-plus from a Championship club , we 're still not looking at it . `` If somebody comes in with the right offer , you 've got to look at it . ''	Bristol City will not sell Ivory Coast forward Jonathan Kodjia for less than £10m , says owner Steve Lansdown .
The crash , involving a Vauxhall Meriva and a black Renault Megane , happened at about 13:50 on Saturday near Ellon . Police Scotland said the woman died at the scene . The injured are being treated at Aberdeen Royal Infirmary . The road was closed for several hours on Saturday while crash investigators worked at the scene . Sgt Neil Morrison , of Police Scotland , said : `` Inquiries into the cause of this collision are at an early stage . However , we would ask anyone who was in the area at the time or who saw either of these vehicles in the area prior to collision to come forward . ''	A 57-year-old woman has died and five people were injured in a collision on the A90 between Aberdeen and Peterhead .
The 21-year-old former Bolton Wanderers man will be eligible for the Stags ' trip to Notts County on Saturday . A former Sheffield Wednesday trainee , he has played nine times in all competitions for Posh this term . `` I have been looking at a number of right-backs and kept coming back to his name , '' said Mansfield boss Steve Evans . `` I had a conversation with ( Peterborough 's director of football ) Barry Fry and ( chairman ) Darragh MacAnthony and the option was for Mansfield to take the boy on loan with a view to doing something more permanent . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .	Mansfield Town have signed Peterborough United right-back Hayden White on loan until the end of the season , with a view to a possible permanent deal .
Spelthorne Borough Council said using the cameras could deter aggressive acts , or verbal and physical abuse . The plan is to have a more `` imposing '' recording system to address high levels of anti-social behaviour , the council said . Under the plans , the technology will also be given to parking officers . And in the future , cameras could also be worn by officers from other departments . The council said cameras would be able to capture images close up , record audio , allow an officer to have their hands free while recording an incident , and provide evidence for dealing with investigations . Cameras would also help with investigating claims of inappropriate conduct by officers , the council added . Consultation on the move runs until 9 July .	Enforcement officers tackling problems such as abandoned cars , dog fouling and fly tipping could be given body-worn cameras to wear in part of Surrey .
Republic of Ireland under-19 international Holland has yet to feature for Swansea since signing from Manchester City in July 2015 . The 18-year-old started his career at Bradford City , and also had a spell at Leeds United . Eastleigh currently sit eighth in the National League table , four points outside the play-off places .	National League side Eastleigh have signed Swansea midfielder Tom Holland on loan until the end of the season .
Northern Ireland 's Acting First Minister Arlene Foster told the BBC 's The View programme the policy could end when the report is published next week . The DUP is currently moving its ministers in and out of the Executive in response to Kevin McGuigan 's murder . His killing sparked a political crisis at Stormont over the status of the IRA . It led to a breakdown in trust between unionist ministers and Sinn FÃ©in , which has repeatedly condemned Mr McGuigan 's murder . Mrs Foster is the only unionist minister left in the Executive after a police assessment that members of the Provisional IRA may have been involved in the fatal shooting . She is standing in for DUP leader Peter Robinson , who stood aside as first minister and warned it would not be `` business as usual '' at Stormont until the issue of paramilitaries was dealt with . Last month , the government appointed an independent panel to assess the current status of paramilitary organisations in Northern Ireland . Mrs Foster told The View : `` We will look at the panel 's report . `` If we believe there has been substantial progress in relation to it , then we will seriously consider making that move . ''	The Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) has said it could drop its policy of in-out ministerial positions when a report is published on paramilitary activity .
Heat 's TV critic Boyd Hilton is one of those saddened at the news . He has also earned support from The Mirror 's TV critic Ian Hyland . But some fans were not so kind and were very keen on co-host Matt LeBlanc taking over the show . Some fans were supportive too . His exit gained the hashtag # Chrexit on Twitter , in reference to Brexit , Britain leaving the EU . And some famous people have been putting themselves forward to fill his shoes - including fellow DJ Chris Moyles and singers John Newman and Ellie Goulding .	Fans and celebrities have been giving their reaction to the resignation of Chris Evans from Top Gear .
Sky Ballantyne , 12 and sister Kia , 14 , will appear on the BBC Two show on Sunday . They will pitch their gadget Crikey Bikey , a harness to help parents teach children to ride bikes safely . After winning their Monmouthshire school 's inventor competition , they became junior engineers of the year at the Big Bang Fair in Birmingham . The harness , worn by children learning to ride a bicycle , has a handle on the back for parents to hold on to , putting a stop to bad backs and scraped knees . Sky had the idea after she saw a dad struggling to teach his child to cycle in the park .	Two entrepreneurs are among the youngest to ever face the Dragons ' Den panel .
The 21-year-old has been at Chelsea since she was nine and spent last season on loan with Women 's Super League 2 side Bristol City . `` I know a few of the girls already from playing with England and I have met a few of them as well . Everyone has made me feel really welcome , '' she said . `` I 'm buzzing to start pre-season in August and meet the rest of them . ''	Everton Ladies have signed England Under-23 midfielder Jodie Brett from Chelsea Ladies .
The ticket plus coach packages went on sale at 18:00 BST on Thursday and were all gone by 18:23 . That was the time organisers posted a tweet saying they had all been snapped up . General tickets to the 2017 event - which runs from 21 to 25 June at Worthy Farm in Somerset - will be released at 09:00 on Sunday . No acts have yet been announced , though Daft Punk and Kraftwerk have been tipped as potential headliners . Thursday 's ticket issue saw buyers purchase tickets priced Â£238 per person in conjunction with coach tickets from various UK locations . Online traffic was reportedly so heavy that many would-be purchasers were unable to access the official festival website . Last year , the 118,200 standard tickets were snapped up in half an hour . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	The first batch of tickets released for next year 's Glastonbury Festival have sold out in just 23 minutes .
The 24-year-old returned in October after a two-year shoulder layoff and won European gold earlier this month . `` My injury was potentially career-ending , so I did n't know what I was going to do in a few years , '' said Fox . `` I 'm just taking it day by day and this injury has helped me for the future , so I say things are meant to be . '' Fox , from Cornwall , is the world-record holder in the S7 classification but has since had his shoulder operated on . He was given an MBE after his triumph at the London Paralympics and had his selection for the Rio Games confirmed on Monday . `` I 'm expecting to do a lifetime best and hopefully a gold medal , but I 'm not being complacent , '' he added to BBC Sport . `` I feel like I 've been in the best shape I 've ever been and all the rehab has just helped me have a better shoulder , so it 'll help me progress . `` There are a lot of eyes on me at the moment , coming back from two years out , but I 'm going to enjoy every minute of it , soak up all the atmosphere and train really hard . ''	Paralympic champion Jonathan Fox says he is aiming for a `` lifetime best '' at the Rio Games as he attempts to defend his 100m backstroke gold medal .
Stearman , 29 , returns to Molineux less than 12 months after he left Wolves to join Fulham in September 2015 . `` I think it will be quite emotional . When I left I did n't really get the chance to speak to the fans which hurt , '' Stearman said of his return . `` It will be great that I never really needed to say goodbye because I 'm back and I can say hello . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Wolverhampton Wanderers have re-signed former defender Richard Stearman on a season-long loan deal from Fulham .
The 29-year-old has signed a two-year deal with Karl Robinson 's side after helping the Bantams to May 's play-off final , where they lost to Millwall . Clarke scored 25 goals in 122 games over three years for the Bantams . `` Billy is someone that I 've tried to sign a number of times and I 'm really excited that he will be joining us , '' boss Robinson told the club website . `` Billy ticks all of those boxes and on top of that he is also very talented . If you look on paper , he is up there with some of the best players in League One . `` He is very effective - can play in a number of positions - and he is certainly going to bring goals , creativity , energy and an aggressive streak to the team . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Charlton Athletic have signed forward Billy Clarke from League One rivals Bradford City for an undisclosed fee .
Joseph Leach , 32 , suffered serious injuries following an incident in Woodland Terrace in Washington , near Sunderland , in December 2013 . He underwent surgery at Newcastle 's Royal Victoria Infirmary after the attack , but died on 2 April last year . Karl Pascoe , 31 , from Washington , is due in court on 15 April charged with his murder , Northumbria Police said .	A man has been charged with murder more than two years after an assault in which the victim later died .
Once a 100-tonne crane has lowered them into place the barrage will be drained so engineers can inspect its four massive `` fish belly '' gates . Workers from the Canal and River Trust will then carry out necessary repairs . When construction began 20 years ago , Stockton 's Tees Barrage was considered the largest civil engineering project in the UK . It opened in 1995 and as well as controlling the flow of the river and preventing flooding it is also used for leisure activities including water-skiing , windsurfing and white water rafting . A public open day for people to find out more about the works will be held on 22 August .	Temporary dams are being installed on the Tees Barrage as part of a £100,000 maintenance programme .
The allowance - introduced in April 2015 to incentivise marriage - is worth £220 in 2016/17 . However those eligible can also back-date a claim for last year , meaning £432 can be claimed in total . Out of 4.2m couples who could claim that amount , only 1m have done so , despite an HMRC advertising campaign . Marriage tax allowance lets one half of a married couple transfer part of their tax-free allowance to their partner . However one of the partners must not be earning more than £11,000 - the personal allowance - while the other must be paying income tax at the basic rate . A spokesman for HMRC said it takes less than five minutes to apply online . `` We do n't know the reason why so few couples have taken up this allowance , but the fact is , it 's a fairly quick and simple process and could save couples up to £430 - which can go a long way especially around this time of year , '' said Sam McFaul , a personal finance writer at MoneySavingExpert.com . Anyone wanting to claim can go to this page .	Less than a quarter of couples eligible for marriage tax allowance are bothering to claim it , according to HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) .
The drugs , said to have a street value of £500,000 . were believed to have been destined for Jersey , which lies 14 miles ( 22km ) from France . A 57-year-old Irish national was arrested in Granville at the weekend and has appeared in court in France . Following the arrest , Jersey authorities carried out `` a number of searches '' in the island . Officers say the investigation is continuing . Mark Cockerham , director of enforcement at Jersey Customs and Immigration , described the seizure as `` significant '' . `` Had it been imported and distributed in Jersey this would have led to a large supply being available at user level , '' he said . `` Whilst we have seen a marked increase in the seizures of new psychoactive substances this year , this demonstrates that there is still a demand for class A drugs in Jersey . '' During 2013 , Jersey customs seized drugs worth £2.4m .	French and Jersey customs officers have seized 4kg ( 8lb 13oz ) of cocaine on the Normandy coast .
The 51-year-old tourist was robbed and raped at knife point on 14 January . Nine people , including three minors , were arrested for the crime . One of the accused died in February . The minors are being tried in a separate court for juveniles . Scrutiny of sexual violence in India has grown since the 2012 gang rape and murder of a student on a Delhi bus . `` All accused are held guilty for all offences , '' The Times of India quoted Additional Sessions Judge Ramesh Kumar as saying on Monday . The sentencing is due on Thursday . The victim was not present in the court on Monday . The tourist had lost her way to her hotel in Delhi 's Paharganj area when she approached the men to ask for directions . She gave a detailed statement in the presence of the Danish ambassador before leaving the country soon after the assault . The 2012 gang rape led to protests and new anti-rape laws in India . However , brutal sexual attacks against women and children continue to be reported across the country .	A court in the Indian capital , Delhi , has found five men guilty for the 2014 gang rape of a Danish woman .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 9 May 2014 Last updated at 19:26 BST The four-storey facility will focus on providing up to 2,000 students with the freedom to research , develop and share ideas . It is due to open next year .	A new engineering centre at the University of Cambridge will be funded by an £8m donation from Norfolk-born businessman James Dyson .
Domingo 's owners Paola Albertazzi and Richard Haggerty of Eryrys , near Mold , regularly carry out local litter picks and bring their pet llama along to help out . He has a bespoke harness to carry rubbish more easily . Now Domingo is now the official mascot for Keep Wales Tidy 's Spring Clean Cymru campaign . The pair got Domingo in 2009 to be a companion for one of their horses - and said he is now part of the furniture . `` I have always gone out litter picking and I noticed that having Domingo with me makes people take a bit more notice , '' Paola told the BBC 's Post Cyntaf programme . `` And of course , he loves the attention . '' Community groups , schools and businesses are being encouraged to take part in the campaign , which runs from 1 to 5 March .	An anti-rubbish campaign has been launched , fronted by a litter-picking llama .
Georgina Jones , 92 , from Dolwyddelan , has been awarded the BEM . `` Receiving the honour was a shock and a surprise when I had the letter , '' she told BBC Wales . `` I 've been in the church all my life , playing in three or four services on Sundays . The church was my life . '' Mrs Jones added : `` I 've enjoyed playing the organ , really enjoyed it . I retired the end of April and I miss it . '' Another BEM goes to Norman Rimmer , director of music at the Holy Trinity Church in Llandudno for more than 25 years Both have received awards from the Archbishop of Wales for their contributions to church music .	A woman who spent an incredible 75 years as church organist in the Conwy Valley has been recognised in the New Year Honours .
Mr Phillips said the decision was to focus on building Swansea 's regional and national profile although details of his new role are not yet known . It comes a week after he was told to expect a leadership challenge after sacking two cabinet members in a reshuffle but he would not comment on whether his departure was linked . Mr Phillips led the council 's Labour group for 10 years . The Labour group has been in power at the authority for the last two years . The selection process to find a new leader begins on Monday . He said from the back benches he will continue to give his `` complete support to the new cabinet and the group as we work to continue to deliver on our manifesto commitments for the good of the people of Swansea and the wider region '' . Labour group chairman Robert Francis Davies said : `` David Phillips has made an enormous contribution to Swansea and to Labour and will continue to do so in the future . We want to keep his talents working for our city . ''	Swansea council leader David Phillips has resigned from his post .
The project has been made possible by Â£50,000 of funding awarded to the group by the UK India Education and Research Initiative . The focus of the research will be on landslide prediction . A team from the university 's Coleraine campus will travel to the Darjeeling region of India . UU 's Prof Gerard Parr , who will lead the research , said the study would focus on predicting massive landslides caused by extreme weather in remote mountainous areas . He said : `` Unfortunately , landslides have historically claimed many lives and damaged infrastructure . '' The project is also supported by the Department for Employment and Learning . The department 's minister Stephen Farry said the process for securing funding for projects between UK and Indian universities was `` very competitive '' . `` The department congratulates Ulster University on their success in securing this well-deserved award , '' he added .	A team of researchers from Ulster University ( UU ) will travel to the Himalayan mountains to study landslides early next year .
18 March 2017 Last updated at 10:00 GMT Despite getting pelted with boiling rocks and steam thankfully everyone got off the mountain safely with no serious injuries . Rachel Price who was filming at the time for the BBC managed to capture the moment the volcano erupted on camera . She said it was scary but she is ok , despite a hot rock burning a hole in her jacket . She 's sent us this video telling us about her experience .	On 16 March Mount Etna , a volcano on the Italian island of Sicily erupted catching a BBC film crew who were doing a report out there .
Willett , 29 , was 11-over-par for his 27 holes at Sawgrass in Florida . The 2016 Masters champion tweeted : `` Not good to have to withdraw but swinging very poorly is putting a lot of unwanted strain on the back . '' Willett , who has a history of back injuries , has missed four cuts in nine tournaments this season . He began his second round at the Players with a bogey on the 10th but got that stroke back on the next hole and recorded four successive pars before a dropped shot at 16 was followed by a triple-bogey six on the infamous 17th . He made par on the 18th - his ninth hole of the day - to go out in 40 strokes and appear destined to miss the cut . The Sheffield-born player 's poor form - including becoming the first defending champion to miss the cut at the Masters since Mike Weir in 2004 - has resulted in his world ranking dropping to 21st . He also split with friend and long-time caddie Jonathan Smart after a disagreement during April 's RBC Heritage event . Willett 's next scheduled start is the PGA Championship , the key event on the European Tour schedule , in two weeks ' time .	Danny Willett pulled out of the Players Championship midway through his second round because of a back injury , saying his `` body and mind need a rest '' .
The 20-year-old joined Chelsea in 2013 and made his senior debut last season , scoring four goals in 16 games . He is the first Burkina Faso international to score in the Premier League after his two goals last season . Traore , who had a previous loan spell with Vitesse Arnhem , has signed a new deal until 2019 with Chelsea .	Chelsea forward Bertrand Traore has signed a new three-year contract with the club and will now join Dutch side Ajax on a season-long loan .
29 January 2016 Last updated at 07:34 GMT Mattel , the US company who make the toy , is adding `` tall , curvy and petite '' body shapes to its line-up . Different skin tones , eye colours and hair styles will also be added , the company said . Many people had complained that the traditional Barbie size was unhealthy , creating an unrealistic body image for girls . With the new body shapes , the toy makers say they are `` offering girls choices that are more reflective of the world they see today '' .	Barbie , the famous toy doll , is getting three new body types this year .
10 February 2015 Last updated at 13:45 GMT The austere 46-year-old former tax inspector is leader of the Aam Aadmi Party ( AAP ) - or Common Man Party - which has won the support of many ordinary people in Delhi who are tired of India 's main political parties . BBC News profiles the man who is seen as a guy-next-door turned political upstart . Video produced by Sara Barman	Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal has regained power in the Indian capital , Delhi , after suffering a massive setback in last May 's general elections .
Former England Under-19 player Shaw has taken 19 wickets for Gloucestershire this season , having joined them on a season-long loan deal in February . The 20-year-old was recalled by Yorkshire in June and made three appearances for the county . Gloucestershire are fifth in the Division Two table , 26 points behind leaders Essex with one game in hand .	Yorkshire seamer Josh Shaw has returned to County Championship Division Two side Gloucestershire on loan .
28 December 2016 Last updated at 17:00 GMT A tribute to his parents , the film features in the BBC One Christmas schedule and is directed by Essex-based animator Roger Mainwood . Mr Mainwood , who lives near Colchester , also worked as an animator on The Snowman , Where the Wind Blows and Father Christmas . `` As director it 's a bit like conducting an orchestra ... to bring the best out of everyone , '' he said . `` We all felt it was such an important thing to get right as it 's such a personal story for Raymond , we just could n't mess up on this one . '' Ethel & Ernest is on BBC One at 19:30 on 28 December and can be viewed on the iPlayer afterwards .	Award-winning actors Jim Broadbent and Brenda Blethyn star in Ethel & Ernest , an animated film based on Raymond Briggs ' 1998 graphic-novel .
Officials said almost 1.3 million votes would be recounted after allegations of fraud by the losing candidate - former banker Guillermo Lasso . Mr Lasso has refused to accept anything less than a full recount . His rival , the Socialist candidate , Lenin Moreno , won the second round with a slim majority of 51.15 % . He is set to replace his fellow socialist , President Rafael Correa , at the end of May . The recount of the equivalent of 1.2 million votes , which would account for 12 % of the total votes cast , will take place on Tuesday in public in the capital Quito . The council has not disclosed what sort of ballots would be recounted .	The electoral authorities in Ecuador have ordered a partial recount of the votes cast in the presidential election earlier this month .
6 July 2017 Last updated at 13:26 BST Using the GPS tracking on your phone , the game used augmented reality and meant you could catch Pokemon wherever you were . Last summer it seemed EVERYONE was playing it , but after the buzz of its launch , it soon fell from the top of the app charts , as fewer people downloaded it . It 's just had a huge update to keep things interesting for players - but is anyone still playing ?	It 's been a year since Pokemon Go launched in the US - and it became a monster hit across the world .
Army bomb officers were called to examine suspicious objects in the Waterside on Thursday . At about 10:25 GMT , police discovered what turned out to be a pipe bomb in the front garden of a home in Trafalgar Court . A second bomb was discovered at Jeffrey Avenue , also in the Waterside area of Derry . Army bomb experts were at the scene of both alerts . Area Commander for Derry , Chf Insp Tony Callaghan , said : `` Two viable devices have now been recovered for forensic examination and all cordons have been lifted . `` Residents who were evacuated earlier are now returning home . I would like to take this opportunity to thank them for their co-operation and understanding . '' DUP councillor Drew Thompson said up to 20 homes had been evacuated at Trafalgar Court . Community centres were opened for those who had to leave their homes .	Two pipe bombs have been found in separate security alerts in Londonderry .
A flock of Greylag geese turn up on Belfast 's Shankill estate every November . They come from Iceland to Belfast over winter , having first arrived about a decade ago . Residents thought they would not stay because of pressure from pets and people . The first year they arrived , people joked that they would make a good Christmas dinner . But loyalist paramilitaries put the word out that they were not to be touched . And so they have prospered on the estate ever since . The birds have now become an integral part of the community . They 're a big draw for children and will accept food from people 's hands . Traffic also slows down or stops to let them cross the road . The geese leave the estate every evening to roost at nearby lakes .	They are annual visitors to a Belfast housing estate who are afforded a particularly potent layer of protection .
It has taken Dr Andrew Beaumont six months to build , using 30,000 bricks to build the 6ft ( 1.82m ) -long version of Hertford College . Inside is a `` Hogwarts-style '' spiral staircase , copies of rooms and a Lego version of principal Will Hutton . The model is to be unveiled at the college 's open day on 1 July . Dr Beaumont , a colonial historian , has previously made Lego versions of the 700-year-old college chapel and Bridge of Sighs . His models , built in his spare time , are all constructed from memory . He does not use drawings or plans , he said . Dr Beaumont said the bricks were sourced from distributors in Eastern Europe . The model includes two parts which have a QR code , enabling hopeful students to scan and view college 's prospectus . `` It 's a useful message to show prospective students that we do n't take ourselves too seriously , ' he said .	An Oxford University professor has created a Lego version of his college , complete with an `` alien experimentation laboratory '' and a graffiti tag .
William Joyce was the voice behind Nazi propaganda radio programme 'Germany Calling ' , which amassed UK audiences of nine million during World War Two . He was hanged as a traitor in 1946 . Renishaw St Matthew 's Church Group has won funding to investigate rumours the American-born broadcaster lived in Derbyshire in the interwar years . Richard Godley , from the group , said rumours he lived in North East Derbyshire and South Yorkshire `` have circulated for decades '' . `` I 've heard multiple people talk about him being resident in the area down the years , '' he said . `` It 's going to be interesting to confirm if one of the most notorious figures of the war was here and , if he was , what he was actually doing here . `` The stories have been lost in the mists in time , but we think there is no smoke without fire . '' The group has given Â£31,700 in Heritage Lottery funding to work on the project . It will work with local schools and churches to explore `` stories of local family connections to World War One '' and raise awareness of wartime history . Source : BBC News archives	History campaigners are hoping to get to the bottom of decades-long rumours surrounding the infamous wartime traitor Lord Haw Haw .
The thieves , who had Scottish accents , threatened them with a weapon , which was not a gun , before stealing thousands of pounds worth of jewellery and cash . The incident happened in Crewe Road South just before 02:00 . Police are carrying out inquiries and have increased high-visibility patrols . Detectives have appealed for information but are particularly keen to hear about someone someone seen at the back of the property between 11:00 and midday on Saturday 20 September . Det Ch Inspector Stuart Houston , of Police Scotland , said : `` It 's too early to say if that is directly connected but obviously it 's part of our investigation . '' He added : `` The occupants of the house were awoken in the night to four masked intruders , who threatened them with a weapon and demanded cash . `` This was obviously a terrifying experience for them , and we are looking for any information to help us trace those responsible . `` I would be particularly keen to trace the drivers or occupants of any vehicles that were within the area at the time of the incident . `` We do n't have a clear description of the men as they were wearing masks , but they were all wearing dark clothing , and we are working to establish further details . ''	Four armed men wearing masks broke into a house in Edinburgh during the night , threatening a Chinese couple and their 10-year-old boy .
The pair entered the Maysum takeaway on Craigentinny Road at 23:00 on Friday , with the man approaching the counter and demanding money . After staff refused , the pair fled the scene and were last seen heading eastwards down Craigentinny Road . The man was in his 20s , 5ft 7in ( 1.7m ) tall and was wearing a cream-coloured jacket with the hood up and a scarf . The woman was about 5ft 9in ( 1.75m ) tall , and wore a black hooded jacket , a pink hat , dark trousers and a white scarf over her face . Police are carrying out door-to-door inquiries and reviewing CCTV footage , and have appealed for anyone who may have seen the suspects to come forward .	Police are looking for a man and a woman who tried to hold up a Chinese takeaway in Edinburgh on Christmas Day .
It is one of the biggest-ever purchases for Lockheed , which oversees the F-35 fighter project , since it bought Martin Marietta in 1995 . Sikorsky makes the Black Hawk helicopter and the Sea King , which was made by UK firm Westland under license . United Technologies , which owns Sikorsky , said last month it planned to sell the firm . United Technologies will return the spoils to shareholders by buying back shares , it said . The deal will only demand a net cost to Lockheed of $ 7.1bn , because of $ 1.9bn of tax benefits it will make , it said . The deal will be closely watched by US defence authorities , who will want to ensure competition is maintained in the market . Lockheed also said it will review its government IT and technical services businesses .	Fighter jet maker Lockheed Martin said it will buy helicopter manufacturer Sikorsky for $ 9bn ( £5.78bn ) .
Rover was eight weeks old when he was washed into a garden in Portreath , Cornwall , in February , The garden is several hundred feet from the nearest beach and the pup was found disorientated on the lawn . Rover , who had cuts and bruises to his lips , chin and flippers , will be released at the beginning of June . The pup was taken to The Cornish Seal Sanctuary , which is based in Gweek . It said it did not know how Rover ended up in the garden but presumed he was trying to get away from the high tides and big waves . `` He was a good healthy weight , but had taken a bit of battering from being tossed around by the heavy seas , '' said Tamara Cooper , from the sanctuary . `` Staff learned to be extra careful when cleaning up near Rover , as he was completely fearless and apt to try and take a bite out of anyone getting too close . '' Rover spent 10 days in the sanctuary 's indoor hospital . He now weighs 66lb ( 30kg ) and is healthy enough to return to the wild .	A bruised and cut seal pup which ended up in a garden after being battered by winter storms is ready to be released back into the wild .
The tyre burst on their SUV causing the vehicle to flip on Sunday , the Time of India reported . Anamika Dutta , 45 , her three children aged 12 to 20 , and her sister , 25 , were reportedly killed at the scene . The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade ( DFAT ) confirmed only that five Australians were involved in a crash . Ms Dutta 's father NK Paliwal and her husband , Rupendra Dutta reportedly survived the crash and are being treated in hospital , reports said .	Five Australians have been killed in a road accident in India , amid reports they were members of a family on their way to the Taj Mahal .
A 49 year-old taxi driver is being treated in hospital for a head injury and his 51-year-old colleague suffered minor injuries in the incident . It happened on Paisley Road West in the Govan area of the city at about 07:20 . The 18-year-old is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Monday .	An 18-year-old man has been arrested after two men were assaulted at a taxi office in Glasgow .
A Pentagon official said about 50 Tomahawk cruise missiles were fired at a Syrian air base . Earlier , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad should have no role in a future Syria . His comments signalled a sudden shift in policy by the new US administration .	The US has carried out a missile attack against targets in Syria in response to a suspected chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held town .
With only two needed , Rory Kleinveldt forced a leading edge from Mathew Pillans , who had scored a fine 56 to take Leicestershire close to victory . Mark Cosgrove 's rapid 76 and Colin Ackermann ( 105 ) laid the foundations for the visitors ' unlikely run chase . But the hosts held their nerve despite putting down six catches . Resuming on 44-0 overnight , the visitors still needed 350 more runs to secure their first four-day victory of the season . With Cosgrove in belligerent form , hitting 10 fours , and Ackermann anchoring the innings , Leicestershire gave themselves a chance of matching their highest-ever County Championship chase of 394 . Ackermann seemed set to guide his side to victory before falling to the impressive bowling of Richard Gleeson ( 4-109 ) with two wickets left and 37 runs still needed . Pillian then assumed responsibility but the visitors could not get over the winning line despite posting their highest fourth-innings total in the County Championship since 1937 .	Northamptonshire won an extraordinary match by two runs to ensure Leicestershire fell agonisingly short of chasing down a club record of 394 .
They include more than £2.5m towards tackling poverty in the region . However , it has yet to reveal whether it intends to increase council tax which it could raise by up to 3 % . Other political groups on the local authority are also able to submit their own budget proposals which will be debated at a full meeting of the council next week . The Labour group 's plans include : Council leader Ronnie Nicholson said : `` I am proud of the fact that we have developed the region 's first ever anti-poverty strategy which is already making a real difference to many people 's lives . `` As part of that strategy this administration ensured Dumfries and Galloway Council became the first living wage accredited council in Scotland and recently we scrapped all charges in schools for home economics and technical subjects . `` These latest proposals build on those early achievements under the strategy and will support some of the most vulnerable families in our communities . ''	Dumfries and Galloway Council 's Labour administration has outlined its spending plans for the year ahead .
A Bank of England report found that none of the UK seven biggest banks needed to come up with a new capital-strengthening plan . Mining stocks survived the latest disappointing Chinese economic data unscathed , with BHP Billiton up 1.2 % . The FTSE 100 rose 0.62 % to 6395.65 . Babcock fell 1.57 % after Citi cut its recommendation for the engineering and support services company to `` sell '' . Outside the top flight , shares in Argos-owner Home Retail Group jumped 3.4 % . It followed a Financial Times report that the group 's Homebase DIY chain could be sold . On the currency markets , the pound rose 0.13 % against the dollar to $ 1.5077 , and dipped 0.42 % against the euro to â‚¬1.4194	( Close ) : Banks were the big gainers after they passed the latest stress tests , with Lloyds Banking Group and Barclays closing with gains of more than 3 % .
28 June 2016 Last updated at 16:15 BST The small island nation kicked England out of the Euros with a 2-1 victory on Monday , despite being ranked only 34th in the world . It meant heartbreak for England fans , but jubilation for the underdogs . Was it the crowd 's powerful chant that carried their team to success ? These footy fans from Iceland have showing Jenny how to do it ...	Iceland supporters have become almost as well known for their chanting as their success on the pitch .
William Paterson , 46 , repeatedly stabbed James Beveridge , 41 , in the head , neck and body at Farne Court in Kirkcaldy on 15 October last year . Medical staff tried to save Mr Beveridge 's life , but he died the next day . Paterson was sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow , having earlier pleaded guilty to culpable homicide . Det Ch Insp Rory Hamilton , of Police Scotland , said : `` A man lost his life and William Paterson is now going to jail over a debt amounting to just a few pounds . `` This was a tragic incident and I wish to extend my sympathies to James 's family and friends . `` It was an isolated incident with both the deceased and the offender known to each other , but it still affected the community in Kirkcaldy and I 'd like to thank them for their assistance and support during the investigation . ''	A man who killed his drug dealer in Fife over £10 has been jailed for 12-and-a-half years .
Damien Midgley , 39 , was tried for child sex offences in 2014 but did not attend the hearing . He was convicted in his absence and jailed for six years . Midgley , formerly of Becca Lane , Aberford , Leeds , was sentenced at York Crown Court to an additional eight months for not surrendering to custody .	A convicted sex offender who fled the UK and spent two years on the run has been jailed after being deported from Cambodia .
Australian Irvine , 23 , featured in County 's three league games last month , which included a win and a draw . He also helped the Dingwall side win the Scottish League Cup final against Hibernian and featured in the Scottish Cup defeat by Dundee United . Irvine joined County on loan from Celtic in 2014 and signed a two-year deal with the Highlanders last year .	Ross County midfielder Jackson Irvine has won the Scottish Premiership player of the month award for March .
11 December 2015 Last updated at 17:07 GMT This is what might happen to kids living on the island of Kiribati , in the Pacific Ocean . Kiribati is a nation of about 105,000 people that sits , surrounded by water , halfway between Hawaii and Australia . The land there it just six metres above sea level and scientists think that it could be among the first places in the world to be affected by rising sea levels , as the planet heats up and melts ice in places like Antarctica . It 's one of the things world leaders are hoping to tackle at the Climate Change Conference in Paris at the moment . Watch the video to learn more	Imagine living somewhere that could be completely under water in a few years time .
The ceremony saw 104 bodies returned home from Saudi Arabia . Iran says at least 464 of its nationals were killed . The Saudi authorities put the total death toll at 769 but foreign media reports and officials put the figure at well over 1,000 . Tehran has blamed the incident on Saudi `` mismanagement '' . Saudi Arabia 's Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir has accused Iran of `` playing politics '' with the disaster , calling on Tehran to await the outcome of an investigation . Speaking at the repatriation ceremony , Iranian President , Hassan Rouhani , said the tragedy was a `` big test '' for everyone . `` In this incident , our language has been that of fraternity and respect , '' he said . `` When required , we have used the language of diplomacy . If needed , the Islamic Republic of Iran will also use language of power . '' The crush happened as two large groups of pilgrims converged as they were taking part in one of the Hajj 's major rites . The Saudi authorities have not released a breakdown of victims by nationality . BBC Monitoring puts the death toll at 1,216 , based on official statements and media reports from 34 countries who lost citizens in the stampede .	The first bodies of Iranian pilgrims killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage in Mecca have arrived back in the capital Tehran .
Avon and Somerset chief Nick Gargan was suspended over allegations he made inappropriate advances to female staff . The police watchdog said he may have breached the Data Protection Act by sending emails with personal data to individuals unconnected to the force . Mr Gargan , who denies the charges , is due to be interviewed soon . Rachel Cerfontyne , of the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) , said : `` Mr Gargan has now been served with a notice informing him that this aspect of his conduct is subject to a criminal investigation . '' Investigators have `` examined a large amount of computer and telephone data '' during the probe , with 50 members of staff from the force providing `` information and intelligence '' , said the IPCC . Speaking on behalf of Mr Gargan , a spokesman for the Chief Police Officers ' Staff Association said Mr Gargan would `` continue to cooperate '' with the investigation . `` Chief Constable Gargan is pleased that progress has been made in relation to the allegation concerning inappropriate behaviour and that this allegation is no longer being treated as a criminal matter , '' the statement continued . `` He is keen to return to work and hopes that the investigation can be progressed expediently . ''	A chief constable being investigated for gross misconduct will also be interviewed on suspicion of data protection offences .
Rough seas meant the Denbighshire swim was put back from Monday to Tuesday . The event - held to raise funds for Rhyl 's RNLI station - started with the setting off of rocket fireworks before participants rushed to the water . People in fancy dress costumes included men dressed as Elvis , elves and other popular characters .	About 50 people took to the waters as Rhyl 's annual Boxing Day Dip was held 24-hours later than usual because of bad weather .
The 10-mile ( 16km ) race through the streets of Portsmouth has been held in the city since 1991 , and passes landmarks including HMS Victory . Britain 's Chris Thompson , who lives in Fleet , won the men 's elite race with a time of 47 minutes and 23 seconds . Ethiopian Tirunesh Dibaba clocked 51 minutes and 49 seconds to win the women 's elite race . Thompson turned the tables on fellow elite runner Andy Vernon who beat him at the Great Birmingham Run half marathon event last weekend . Vernon came second at Portsmouth with a time of 49 minutes and nine seconds . Among the entrants this year was Olympic champion sailor Hannah Mills , who was running in aid of the Andrew Simpson Sailing Foundation . Mills was also an honorary starter at the event , along with fellow Olympic champion and team-mate Saskia Clark . A Great South Run 5k ( 3 mile ) and junior and mini run were held on Saturday as part of the weekend event .	More than 20,000 people including elite athletes and celebrities have taken part in the Great South Run .
The 11-year-old was found at the Daventry International Rail Freight Depot at 17:20 BST on Tuesday . Paramedics , including an air ambulance , attended the scene but the boy was pronounced dead . Det Insp Gareth Davies , from British Transport Police , said officers are working to understand `` what happened and how this young boy came to receive these awful injuries '' . The death is currently being treated as `` unexplained '' . Mr Davies said specially trained officers are supporting the boy 's family as they `` try to come to terms with this awful news '' .	A boy has died after sustaining serious electrical burns at a rail depot .
Ross Muir , 36 , claimed the girl had pretended to be older when they made contact through social media . He picked her up outside her house in the Wester Hailes area of Edinburgh and drove around before returning close to the scene and attacking her . Muir , of Monktonhall , denied the charge but was convicted at the High Court in Edinburgh . Sentence was deferred and he was remanded in custody . A DNA match to Muir was found on samples taken from the girl 's body and clothing after the attack , which took place on 10 or 11 October last year . Following Muir 's conviction , Det Chf Insp Martin MacLean said : `` This was a harrowing incident for the young victim , the effects of which are likely to be borne by her for the rest of her life . `` I would like to commend her courage in coming forward and in giving evidence against Muir which has helped to secure this conviction . `` This was a painstaking investigation which secured damning forensic evidence against Muir and highlights the dangers present with modern communications technology . ''	A man has been jailed for raping an 11-year-old girl in his car near her home .
The Fire Service said that while some blazes on Friday were accidental , others were started deliberately . Fire commander Kieran Doherty said one fire on a hill at Ardmore was spread over a mile . `` You have to attack it from both sides , and a lot of personnel need to be deployed - we always have to be very vigilant for risk to life and property , '' he said . `` If the wind changes , a fire can turn on its head very quickly . ''	There were 40 gorse fires in Counties Tyrone and Londonderry in a single day .
As admiral of the elite club , Prince Phillip lead the royal party to review more than 180 members ' boats in Cowes . Temporary exclusion zones and speed restrictions were in place for other vessels in and around Cowes Harbour . The squadron , founded in June 1815 , organises Cowes Week every summer . The European royal party included King Harald of Norway , the former king of Spain , Juan Carlos , King Constantine II of Greece , Prince Albert of Monaco and Prince Henrik of Denmark . The British party included Princess Anne and Vice Admiral Sir Tim Laurence , the Earl and Countess of Wessex and Prince Michael of Kent . The boats were moored in the Solent at the mouth of the Medina River during the day . The review was a private event . The day also included a private service at Trinity Church and a beating retreat on Cowes Parade , conducted by the Royal Marine Marching Band and with the salute being taken by Prince Philip .	An array of European royalty joined the Duke of Edinburgh on the Isle of Wight to mark the bicentenary of the Royal Yacht Squadron ( RYS ) .
Eliaquim Mangala is expected to depart , which would leave City with Vincent Kompany , John Stones and Nicolas Otamendi as established centre-backs . `` We do n't have too much more to spend but we are going to see , '' said Guardiola , speaking before Saturday 's friendly against Tottenham ( 23:00 BST ) . City have spent about £200m this summer - £120m of that on three full-backs . This month , England right-back Kyle Walker moved from Spurs for £45m , Brazil international Danilo joined from Real Madrid for £26.5m and France left-back Benjamin Mendy was recruited from Monaco for £52m . They join Portugal midfielder Bernardo Silva ( £43m ) and Brazilian goalkeeper Ederson Moraes ( £35m ) in arriving at City this summer . City have also been linked with moves for Arsenal 's Chile forward Alexis Sanchez and another Monaco player , £160m-rated 18-year-old France striker Kylian Mbappe . However , Guardiola declined to answer questions on that duo , stating that `` they are Arsenal and Monaco players '' .	Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says the club `` will try '' to sign a central defender this summer .
Wall Street and bourses across Europe have been recovering some of the ground since the UK voted last week to leave the European Union . In Japan , the benchmark Nikkei 225 share index finished 1.6 % higher at 15,566.83 . Shares in carmaker Toyota rose by more than 2 % despite fresh recalls over faulty airbags . Other markets across Asia also saw gains , despite the continued uncertainty in the wake of the UK 's referendum vote . Investors are hoping that central banks will step in with more stimulus measures should the global economy weaken . Hong Kong 's Hang Seng closed 1.3 % higher at 20,436.12 while the mainland benchmark Shanghai Composite finished up 0.65 % at 2,931.59 . In Australia , the ASX/200 index also closed higher , up 0.8 % at 5,142.40 . Shares in commodity giants Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton were both up by almost 2 % . In South Korea , the Kospi share index finished 1 % higher at 1,956.36 .	Asian stock markets have recorded more gains , continuing the positive lead set by the US and Europe on Tuesday .
All of the managerial movements for May will appear below , followed by the full list of each club , league-by-league . To read the list for April , visit the ins and outs page .	BBC Sport tracks all the manager ins and outs as well as listing all the current bosses in the Premier League , Scottish Premiership , English Football League and National League .
The fire spread from an oil tank to a house on the Ballycastle Road at about 04:00 GMT . A man , a woman and a small child were taken to hospital and treated for smoke inhalation . The occupants and neighbours were moved from their homes while fire crews tackled the blaze . Substantial damage was caused to the house . PSNI Detective Sergeant Kelly Gallagher said : `` Following enquiries , it is believed that this fire may have been started deliberately . `` I would therefore appeal to anyone who may have seen any suspicious activity in the area between the hours of 2am and 4am , or anyone who knows anything about this incident , to contact detectives at Coleraine Police Station . ''	The PSNI believe a fire in Coleraine , County Londonderry , last Sunday may have been started deliberately .
The firm had previously called back about 500,000 units because they posed a safety risk . At least one person suffered burns after a device exploded . The extension covers about a further million copies of the kit . `` We are taking this action because we are aware of a very small number of further incidents where Power Bars have overheated , '' EE said . The firm began offering the devices to its customers in April . Users were able to exchange depleted ones for fully-charged units in its shops , but could also recharge them via a USB connection . Although consumers did not have to pay for the Power Bars , the firm is offering a Â£20 voucher to those who return the devices . `` Keeping our customers safe is extremely important to us , and that 's why we 're taking this voluntary and precautionary action , '' EE added .	Mobile network EE is expanding its Power Bar recall to include all copies of its smartphone charger .
Michael Philip Leaberry , 35 , also known as Stephen Bugman , is considered to be a risk to children , the force said . He left north Wales in January 2015 for Ipswich in Suffolk before later moving to Essex . Anyone with information should call 101 .	North Wales Police has appealed for help in tracing a man suspected of child sex offences in Flintshire .
The Trainspotting author walked the first mile of the 5,000 , which is the distance between Edinburgh and Hyderabad . Scottish Love in Action ( SLA ) wants volunteers to do the minimum of a 10km sponsored walk , run or cycle in June . The Hoof It to Hyderabad Challenge is part of its Girls ' Lives Matter appeal . Welsh , a long-term ambassador of the charity , opened registration for the fundraiser at Edinburgh Castle Esplanade before setting off down the Royal Mile . Participants are asked to walk , run or cycle at least 15,133 steps , which will contribute towards the charity 's aim to virtually walk a total of 12,106,000 steps . SLA provides funding to three grassroots , non-governmental organisations ( NGOs ) , which run projects in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana . Founder and chairwoman Gillie Davidson said : `` Many of the children we care for have only managed to survive by scavenging in rubbish tips , or living on the streets where they are open to being trafficked into prostitution or forced labour . `` All the money we raise from challenges like Hoof it to Hyderabad give these children a chance in life and we 'd like to thank everyone for this support . ''	Writer Irvine Welsh has launched a 5,000-mile virtual walking challenge to raise money for a Scottish charity which supports poor children in India .
Head coach Peter Richards said : `` Robbie has been hugely impressive . '' Fergusson broke into the first team at Scottish Premiership club Ayr aged 17 and made a couple of appearances for Pro12 club Glasgow Warriors before joining London Scottish in November . He has become an ever-present for the English Championship club . Scotland Under-20 cap Fergusson , whose side sit ninth in the table , said : `` I know that I have areas to improve . `` But , with game time , I will hope to be as influential as I can be . `` It 's a great environment for me to improve and become a better player . ''	London Scottish have handed Robbie Fergusson a permanent contract after the 22-year-old centre impressed on loan from the Scottish Rugby Academy .
Mauro Milanese took up the post in July 2014 but was dismissed from the League Two club in January 2015 following claims of `` serious misconduct '' . The club cited the breaking of good faith as one of the grounds for the ex-Italian international 's dismissal . Mrs Justice Whipple upheld the club 's dismissal ruling at a hearing in London earlier . Of the six grounds given for sacking the 44-year-old , only one - described by the judge as `` by far and away the most serious '' - was upheld . It related to his handling of an agreement involving an academy player , whose name was not disclosed to the court . The judge ruled Milanese 's involvement was a very serious breach of the implied term of mutual trust and confidence , and constituted gross misconduct . She said the other issues relating to the transfer of two players , setting up his own business , accepting secret profits in connection with a transfer deal and overspending on players did not constitute gross misconduct . Justice Whipple said the former director of football was however entitled to £8,300 worth of damages from the club for accrued salary and expenses . Milanese , who was not present in court , was ordered to pay £100,000 court costs .	Leyton Orient 's former director of football has lost his £100,000 wrongful dismissal claim at the High Court .
The huge sum - a combination of various payments - is detailed in a 429-page document lodged with the US Securities and Investment Commission ( SEC ) . The money includes the value of shares already owned , outstanding share options , a `` golden parachute '' payment , cash payments and medical benefits . Yahoo investors are being asked to vote on the deal this June . The total payments to Ms Mayer are far higher than the company first acknowledged last month when it explained that she would be entitled to the `` golden parachute '' payment for losing her job . Ms Mayer will leave the company when the sale goes through . The deal with Verizon was first announced last year when the struggling company , agreed to sell its main internet business to Verizon , the huge US telecoms company , for $ 4.8bn . That figure was later cut to $ 4.5bn after the company disclosed last autumn that it had been the victim , in 2013 and 2014 , of two huge security breaches , the second of which affected the accounts of more than a billion customer accounts . Earlier this month Verizon said it would combine its AOL subsidiary and Yahoo into a new business called Oath .	Yahoo 's chief executive , Marissa Meyer , will be paid $ 184m when the sale of her company to Verizon completes this year .
Dr Ron Hill MBE has competed in three Olympic Games . He also won gold at the European Championships in 1969 and at the Commonwealth Games a year later . The 75-year-old has run over 159,000 miles , or six times around the world , since he started logging his training . Ron Hill Way , off Blackburn Road , is part of a major regeneration project . The site , in West Accrington , is part of a £55m scheme to build 500 new homes in the area . Dr Hill said it was an `` unbelievable gesture '' . He said : `` I have no intention of stopping running at all . I just hope I can inspire people of all ages to take up running or to continue running as long as they can . '' Dr Hill was the first British runner to win the Boston marathon . In later years he went into business , setting up a sportswear company . He set several world records during his career , including a 2:09:28 time at the 1970 Commonwealth Games marathon in Edinburgh .	A former Olympic marathon runner who has run at least a mile a day for 50 years has had a road in his home town of Accrington named after him .
The League One side have not specified why they have taken the action against the 24-year-old former Everton trainee . A brief club statement said : `` Procedures are being followed and no further comment will be made until the completion of these actions . '' Baxter joined the club from Oldham Athletic in 2013 , and has scored 20 goals in 93 league appearances . BBC Radio Sheffield approached the Blades for details on the reasons for the ban but the club declined to comment . Baxter was handed a five-month suspension , with the final three of those suspended , by the Football Association in July after failing an out-of-competition drugs test in May . The player denied any intentional wrongdoing in a personal hearing , adding the traces of ecstasy found in his system were as a result of his drink being spiked . Baxter said the ban had left him `` in a dark place '' , adding that he hoped to pay back the club and its fans for their support .	Sheffield United have suspended forward Jose Baxter for the second time in nine months .
Comet was diagnosed with a tumour in his abdomen last week and his condition deteriorated over the weekend . Comet arrived at Camperdown from Edinburgh Zoo when he was 16 months old and was later joined by Star from the Highland Wildlife Park . Zoo manager Aileen Whitelaw said Comet had been an `` important ambassador '' and would be sorely missed .	A European Brown bear at Dundee 's Camperdown Wildlife Centre has died aged 30 following a short illness .
Frost , from Dagenham , Essex , had died `` peacefully and pain free '' last week , Wright announced on his Wednesday show . The Old Woman , a regular character on the programme , would discuss the news and once presented a game of factoids with Hollywood actor Will Smith . Wright praised her as `` a complete natural on the air '' and said she had been a `` lovely , lovely person '' . On Wednesday 's show , Wright told listeners she had been `` very opinionated and witty '' and always cheeky , funny and charming . Wright added : `` It 's a sad loss , thank you for being the Old Woman with us Joyce and we 'll miss you very much . '' BBC Radio 2 's Steve Wright in the Afternoon aired its first episode in 1999 after moving over from BBC Radio 1 . The three-hour programme regularly features characters including The Old Woman and Barry from Watford , as well as popular segment Ask Elvis . Ms Frost had not done radio before the programme but Wright said she was `` unbelievably professional '' and never fazed by the big stars .	Joyce Frost , who appeared as the `` Old Woman '' on BBC Radio 2 's Steve Wright in the Afternoon , has died .
Joshua Follin was seen being hoisted into the air by Jonjo Shelvey amid the celebration of the Magpies ' 4-3 win against Norwich . The midfielder visited Shanklea Primary School to present him with a signed copy of a photo that went viral . `` I was over the moon when he came and picked me up , '' the nine-year-old said . Joshua , who was working as a ball boy for the first time at last week 's match , said : `` I was jumping up and down , going crazy , when we scored . It was really good and I was really excited to see him come into school today . `` He 's my favourite player now ! '' Newcastle United came from 3-1 down to win the game at St James ' Park in stoppage time . Former Liverpool and Swansea player Shelvey said : `` Games like that do n't come around too often so it was an unreal moment . Joshua was smiling and jumping around so I just thought I 'd get him involved in the celebrations . `` You always try to relate to fans and I know little things like this go a long way . It has meant a lot to him and his family . ''	A ball boy who celebrated with a Newcastle United star after a last-minute goal had a surprise visit at his school from his new `` favourite player '' .
Polling stations are open from 07:00 to 22:00 BST on Thursday , with 4,285,323 people - 97 % of the electorate - registered to vote . During the campaign there has been much debate about the likely impact on Wales of the result , whichever way it goes . Voters will answer `` Yes '' or `` No '' to the referendum question : `` Should Scotland be an independent country ? '' Counting will take place through the night , with the result expected to be declared on Friday morning . Follow reaction to the results as they come in on the BBC Wales News live page from 22:30 BST .	Politicians in Wales are awaiting the result of the Scottish referendum on independence as voting gets under way .
The Nikkei closed up 1.3 % at 20,376.59 . Stock markets around the world had fallen on Monday in reaction to the `` no '' vote in Greece 's referendum , but the declines were not as bad as feared . On Tuesday , Greece is expected to present new proposals at a eurozone emergency summit . The plan is said to include a demand for Greece 's debt to be cut by up to 30 % . The European Central Bank ( ECB ) is maintaining its pressure on Greek banks , refusing to increase emergency lending and ordering them to provide more security for existing emergency loans . On Monday , the main share indexes in the US all closed down about 0.3 % . In Europe , London 's FTSE 100 slipped 0.8 % , France 's Cac 40 dropped 2 % and Germany 's Dax index lost 1.5 % . The euro had dipped at first against major currencies on Monday , but then recovered later in the day . Speaking on Monday , Neil Williams , chief economist at Hermes Investment Management , said : `` Markets have yet to be convinced in full either that the [ Greek ] exit door will be open or that the extent of any contagion from this could be irreparably damaging to the system . ''	Japan 's Nikkei index rebounded slightly on Tuesday , a day after stock markets had fallen in the wake of Greece 's decision to reject the terms of an international bailout .
The woman in her 20s north was cycling north on Minto Street in Newington on Tuesday at about 11:55 when the collision took place . She was riding a yellow mountain bike with the initials GT in white writing on it . The silver Mazda 6 was travelling westwards from Duncan Street onto Blacket Avenue when the crash happened . PC Denise Humphrey , of Police Scotland , said : `` We are keen to speak to anyone who was on Minto Street or Blacket Avenue on Tuesday around 11:55 . ''	A cyclist has a serious shoulder injury following a crash with a car in Edinburgh .
The 51-year-old man was hit by a silver Hyundai while crossing the eastbound carriageway at Bilbrough , near Tadcaster , at 22:30 GMT on Monday . North Yorkshire Police said the man , who has not been named , was pronounced dead at the scene . The car driver was unhurt . The A64 did not reopen until 03:30 GMT following the collision .	A pedestrian has been killed after being hit by a car while crossing the A64 in North Yorkshire .
The match against Salford was abandoned after the 17-year-old centre was taken to hospital . `` The club respectfully asks that all supporters respect the wish for privacy and sensitivity for the family at such a difficult time , '' a statement said . England second row Brett Ferres tweeted a message of support for the teenager . `` Keep fighting Ronan Costello , just shows the dangers of our great sport , '' said the 30-year-old former Huddersfield player , now with Leeds . After taking charge of a 10-2 Super League defeat at home to Wakefield on Sunday , Huddersfield head coach Paul Anderson added : `` We have to put all our prayers and hopes into him getting well . ''	Huddersfield Giants player Ronan Costello is in a critical condition at Leeds General Infirmary after being hurt in an Under-19s game on Saturday .
Street 's wife says he died on 27 February at a hospital in Las Vegas after a short illness . He sang with Temptations members Otis Williams and Melvin Franklin in the 1950s but did n't join the group until 1971 . As part of the group , Street had number of hits including the Grammy award-winning song , Papa Was a Rollin ' Stone . Born in Detroit , Michigan , he was the first member of the band to be born in the city with which they became synonymous . His death comes only 10 days after his band mate , Otis 'Damon ' Harris , who died on 18 February aged 62 , after a 14 year battle with prostate cancer . Cindy Street , told CNN : `` They 're dancing up there in heaven , him and Damon . '' He performed with the band until 1993 when he left due to alleged personal tensions with Williams . Street went to hospital five days before he died , suffering from back pain and breathing difficulties . Doctors found he had a clot in a lung . He is survived by his wife , two sons and two daughters .	Motown vocalist Richard Street , a member of the Temptations for 25 years , has died aged 70 .
The Crime Survey for England and Wales found 4.2 % of separated adults had been victims in the year ending March 2015 . The figure for those married or in civil partnerships was 1 % . New detailed data also showed students were more likely than other groups to be victims of violent crime . Responding to the survey , 3.4 % of full-time students said they had been victims at least once in the last year , compared to 1.9 % of people in `` routine and manual '' jobs , 1.8 % of the long-term unemployed and 1.5 % of people in `` managerial and professional '' work . Among those surveyed were 1,067 separated people , 15,014 who were married or in civil partnerships and 1,027 full-time students . Based on reporting their own experiences of violent crime in the year up to the end of March 2015 , higher-risk groups included men , people aged 16-24 , those of a `` mixed or multiple ethnic background '' and `` adults in low-income households '' .	People separated from their partners are more than four times more likely to be victims of violent crime than those who are married or in civil partnerships , figures suggest .
The fossils had previously been classified as belonging to a different dinosaur group . But Nick Longrich from the University of Bath said the remains represent a new species of the dinosaur - Pentaceratops . Pentaceratops is a smaller cousin of the familiar plant-eater Triceratops . Details of the research have been published in the journal Cretaceous Research . The journal says Pentaceratops lived about 75 million years ago . Dr Longrich said : `` We thought we had discovered most of the species , but it seems there are many undiscovered dinosaurs left . ''	A new species of horned dinosaur has been identified from fossils held in a Canadian museum for 75 years .
A police helicopter was scrambled when reports emerged of a truck `` driving erratically '' around Hazel Gardens in Sonning Common in September last year . The boy told Oxford Magistrates ' Court court : `` It probably was n't the best thing to have done . '' He admitted aggravated vehicle taking , possessing an unloaded firearm , and careless driving . The magistrates heard the teenager stole the vehicle from Oliver Agriculture in Cane End , near Reading , and drove it two-and-a-half miles to Sonning Common . There he wrote off a Fiat Punto by tipping it on to its side , a prosecutor said . Chairman of the magistrates Colin Mcguire described the fork-lift truck as `` a lethal machine '' and asked the Youth Justice Service to carry out a report . The teenager from Henley-on-Thames , who can not be named for legal reasons , will be sentenced on 16 August .	A 15-year-old boy has admitted tipping over a car with a fork-lift truck while armed with an air rifle .
The installation from environmental charity WWF-Cymru holds hundreds of messages from people all over Wales . The National Library of Wales , Caernarfon Castle and Swansea 's Waterfront museum will also switch their lights off on Saturday evening . Musicians will perform next to the bottle during the switch-off . WWF-Cymru head Anne Meikle said : `` We are thrilled by the public response to this year 's Earth Hour Wales . It is the biggest yet , and we 're delighted that , for the second year , all 22 local authorities have signed up , together with businesses and over 300 schools . `` This includes Coastlands Primary School , whose pupil , Rebecca , won the UK-wide Earth Hour poetry competition . '' Assembly presiding officer Elin Jones AM said : `` We strive to improve our environmental performance ; not just by supporting Earth Hour each year , but making improvements like a 40 % reduction in our energy footprint since 2008 . ''	A giant bottle made up of dozens of smaller ones carrying messages about climate change is at the the Senedd as Earth Hour is marked .
23 February 2016 Last updated at 12:38 GMT Two-thirds voted in favour of staying in the European Economic Community ( EEC ) , as it was then known . For BBC Newsnight , veteran journalist and documentary maker Michael Cockerell - who reported on the 1975 referendum - looks at what we can learn from the vote 40 years ago . You can follow Newsnight on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube	The last referendum in the UK on the issue of Europe was on 5 June 1975 .
The market covers a 21-acre site with 235 stalls selling fish and meat as well as warehousing . It is thought about 20 % of the building is affected . At its peak , some 40 firefighters tackled the `` severe '' blaze on Pershore Street in Digbeth . The fire is now out and investigators are looking at the cause . Crews will remain at the scene for some time , the fire service said . Several nearby roads have now reopened . Crowds of people gathered near the scene at the fire 's peak , and witness Toby Ashcroft said they were told by police to move back because of concerns about gas canisters in the building . One person was treated for the effects of `` minor smoke inhalation '' and discharged at the scene . The fire service , which was called out soon after 14:00 BST , described the blaze as `` severe '' . The market is set to be relocated to a purpose-built facility in Witton after the authority said it could not afford the investment needed to maintain the site .	A fire that sent plumes of smoke into the sky that could be seen across the city centre has badly damaged Birmingham Wholesale Market .
Leader Valley School in Earlston replaces previous provision at primaries in Hawick and Innerleithen . Councillor Sandy Aitchison said it was an `` extremely auspicious day '' for everyone involved in the project . He said the facility would be a `` wonderful resource '' not only for staff and pupils but also for parents and the wider community . `` Getting to this point has been quite a journey but this school is the result of our desire to provide the best we can for these children and parents and is certainly a project that I am particularly proud to have been part of , '' he said . `` I wish everyone well in the days and weeks to come as they settle in to their new premises and make it their own . '' An open afternoon for the community is being held at the school on 28 February from 15:30 to 17:30 .	A new £1.7m school for pupils with profound and complex needs has opened in the Scottish Borders .
Shaun Atkinson , 49 , was found dead at a house in St John 's Avenue in the North Yorkshire town on 27 December . Barry Rewcroft , 51 , and Ruben Rewcroft , 20 , both of Raincliffe Avenue , Scarborough , denied the charge during a hearing at Leeds Crown Court . Both men were remanded in custody and they will appear again before the same court on 19 June .	A father and son have pleaded not guilty to murdering a man in Scarborough .
Fish and eels were killed after slurry from a farm leaked into the Afon Bach in Tremeirchion on Friday . Denbighshire Council has put up signs advising people not to swim or paddle in the sea , or let children on the beach after bathing water was affected . The council has also warned dogs should not go in the sea during the temporary closure . The authority said it would continue to monitor the water and once it had returned to an `` acceptable standard '' access to beaches would return to normal . Natural Resources Wales said it was working to minimise the impact of the leak . NRW said while the farmer had acted to fix the leak from the slurry lagoon , it would be monitoring the pollution levels over the next few days . Nick Thomas , from NRW said : `` Once we 're happy that the risk of further pollution has passed , our next steps will be to consider enforcement action against those responsible if appropriate . `` We 're taking the issue of agricultural pollution very seriously at the highest level and continue to work with the farming industry and its unions to deliver a step-change in reducing pollution incidents . ''	Parents are being warned not to let their children swim , paddle or play on beaches in Rhyl after a slurry leak .
Marcus Sheppard , 37 , from the Neath area , was found with serious injuries following an incident on Dalton Road in the early hours of Monday . The man will appear at Swansea Magistrates ' Court on Wednesday . In a statement , Mr Sheppard 's family described him as a `` wonderful and loving son , partner and father '' . It added : `` His death leaves a massive gap with his family and friends . He will be truly missed forever . ''	A 33-year-old man has been charged with murder after the death of a man found injured in the Sandfields area of Port Talbot .
Bottom-of-the-table Vikings are looking for a third straight win in front of their own fans that would move them above 11th-placed Leigh . The Centurions have included Nick Rawsthorne after he joined on a one-month loan from Hull FC . Ben Crooks , James Green and Atelea Vea come back in for Leigh . Widnes Vikings ( from ) : Bridge , Buchanan , Burke , Cahill , Chase , Craven , Dudson , Gerrard , Heremaia , Houston , Johnstone , Marsh , Mellor , O'Carroll , Olbison , Runciman , Thompson , White , Whitley . Leigh Centurions ( from ) : Brown , Burr , Crooks , Dawson , Drinkwater , Green , Hampshire , Hansen , Hood , Hopkins , Maria , Paterson , Pelissier , Rawsthorne , Reynolds , Stewart , Tickle , Vea , Weston .	Widnes have players back with Chris Bridge , Greg Burke , Joe Mellor , Lloyd White all returning to the squad for Denis Betts ' side .
20 February 2017 Last updated at 07:38 GMT A total of 400,000 windmills have been used to make shapes of hearts , flowers and circles . Tens of thousands of roses have also been planted alongside the windmills . Lots of visitors have been enjoying the colourful display in Chengdu City .	Thousands of plastic windmills have been laid out to make an amazing display in China .
The Guinness World Record was last set in 2010 , when 102 people met at Adventure Island in Southend in Essex to ride the Green Scream . The new attempt was a fundraiser for Southend Hospital Charitable Foundation 's Keyhole Cancer Appeal . It was hoped 122 people would ride the rollercoaster , but only 57 took part . They travelled from all over the UK , including Edinburgh , Newcastle and Swindon , to take part in the challenge . Adventure Island operations director Andrew Renton said : `` It 's been an absolutely superb day with people all enjoying the chance to do something memorable , good fun and raise a large amount of money for a fantastic , local charity . '' Lucy Thomas-Clayton , from Southend Hospital Charitable Foundation , said : `` It takes a lot of nerve to take off all your clothes in front of complete strangers , plus the world 's media - so we would like to say a massive thank you to everyone who was brave enough to bare all and raise such a huge amount of cash for our vitally important cause . ''	A bid to set a new world record for the number of naked people riding a rollercoaster has failed , but £10,000 has been raised for charity .
Roald Dahl Plass near the Millennium Centre will be transformed into an urban beach until 5 September . An estimated 300 tonnes of sand will be used to create the attraction , which will also have fairground rides and live entertainment . The beach is part of the summer-long Cardiff Festival . Norman George Sayers , of organisers Sayers Amusements , said : `` The beach has been so popular since we set it up two summers ago . `` We 've made some changes to last year 's format and visitors can look forward to bringing their children down to a fun-filled , safe environment . ''	More than a quarter of million visitors are expected to head for the beach in Cardiff Bay this summer .
The union said talks over pay and rota changes with the Offshore Contractors Association ( OCA ) had broken down . Unite is now preparing an industrial action ballot for members working within the OCA . The OCA has previously said that shift rotation changes would cut costs and were not new to the North Sea .	The Unite union plans to ballot offshore contractors on industrial action as part of an ongoing dispute over changes to working conditions .
Fardowsa Hassan , 13 , was found by police in the early hours of Friday . Her friends Abir Salah , 16 , and Ahlam Salah , 15 , have now also been traced by officers . The Salah sisters were found at a separate address in Haringey to the one where Fardowsa was discovered . More on this story and other news from London Fardowsa 's mother had said she thought her daughter could have been kidnapped and taken abroad . Speculative comparisons were made with four London schoolgirls who travelled to Syria earlier this year . But Scotland Yard advised that none of the girls were believed to have left the London area .	Two sisters from north London who went missing earlier this month have been found safe and well hours after their friend was returned home .
April the Giraffe , whose prolonged pregnancy has been watched by millions of amateur zoologists online , has delivered her fourth calf . `` We have a baby ! Everything went absolutely perfect . This is great ! '' park owner Jordan Patch said . Since a live feed of her enclosure started in February , April has become an internet celebrity . April lives at the Animal Adventure Park in Harpursville , almost 200 miles north-west of New York . The park has given no details on the gender of the calf yet . The mother , whose every move has been closely followed , and baby are said to be fine . The delivery does not mean they are going away from the public 's eyes . There will be a competition to determine the calf 's name . Now April will raise the calf , and weaning could take between six to 10 months , the park explains . The young giraffe will then be moved to another facility for a breeding programme . April 's delivery has not been without ( virtual ) hurdles . Her live feed was briefly removed from YouTube in February after it was flagged as being sexually explicit or having nude content . The park blamed animal rights activists for reporting the video as inappropriate , a move that infuriated her followers . But , to their relief , the ban was short lived .	At long , long last , after what seemed like aeons , the world 's most famous giraffe has given birth .
A 3-0 win over Paraguay , along with defeats for Argentina and Uruguay , means the team can not finish lower than fourth in South American qualifying . Liverpool forward Philippe Coutinho , Barcelona striker Neymar and Real Madrid 's Marcelo scored Brazil 's goals . It is Brazil 's eighth straight win under coach Tite . Thirty more teams will join Brazil , and hosts Russia , at next summer 's World Cup .	Brazil has become the first side to seal their place at the World Cup finals in Russia next year .
30 October 2015 Last updated at 17:01 GMT Teams have been battling it out for weeks to see who will be crowned champion . Australia take on current world champions New Zealand in a huge clash . The favourites are the New Zealand All Blacks but the Australian Wallabies will be hoping for an upset . Martin caught up with some young fans ahead of the match to get their thoughts .	One of the biggest sporting events in England will take place on Saturday - the Rugby World Cup final .
The 26-year-old has made four appearances for the Cherry and Whites this term . Trinder is nearing full fitness after being out with a hamstring injury . `` Henry 's attitude during my time at the club has been second to none , and his determination to return to fitness has been admirable , '' said Gloucester 's director of rugby David Humphreys . `` We are building a lot of depth within our squad , and Henry is another key cog in our backline . ''	Gloucester centre Henry Trinder has signed a long-term contract extension at the Premiership club .
Cordina dominated from the opening bell of his super-featherweight contest halt the Russian inside a round . It followed a fourth-round stoppage against Jose Aguilar on his professional debut on 22 April . Cordina fought for Team GB at the Rio Olympics and was a bronze medallist at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games . Get all the latest boxing news leading up to the Joshua-Klitschko fight , sent straight to your device with notifications in the BBC Sport app . Find out more here . Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide .	Welsh boxer Joe Cordina claimed his second stoppage win in seven days as he overpowered Sergej Vib on the the Joshua-Klitschko bill at Wembley .
Buildings , houses and cars have been destroyed by blazes and thousands of people have been forced to leave their homes . Most people have managed to get to safety but four people have been injured and one person has died . Here are some of the most striking images of the fires .	Firefighters in the US state of California are still battling to stop the spread of major wildfires .
An electrical problem between Wandsworth Common and Clapham Junction on Thursday caused services in and out of Victoria station to be suspended . Network Rail said services were back to normal at 08:00 BST . A displaced conductor rail caused damage to six trains on Thursday , leaving commuters stranded for up to five hours . Emergency services were called in to rescue passengers on some services , with the London Fire Brigade helping about 900 off non-moving trains . Police and paramedics also brought water on board some trains for those who had been stuck inside without air conditioning . All Gatwick Express services were cancelled and passengers on Southern trains were badly affected .	Train services through south London have resumed after a power cut which left thousands stranded .
Romeo has made 58 appearances for the Lions since signing from Gillingham ahead of the 2015-16 season . The 21-year-old Antigua and Barbuda international featured in 40 games in all competitions last season . `` There is a lot of high quality in this league , but I think we are ready for the challenge , '' he said .	Millwall full-back Mahlon Romeo has signed a new contract to stay with the Championship club until 2019 , with a club option for a further 12 months .
Netzpolitik.org reported on plans to expand the country 's domestic surveillance of online communications earlier in the year . The site says it has received a letter from prosecutors announcing the probe against two of its journalists as well as an unidentified source . The stories were published in February and April . The February article alleged Germany 's domestic intelligence agency wanted additional funds to increase its online surveillance programmes . The April follow-up was about the spy agency 's efforts to set up a special unit to monitor social networking websites . An earlier report suggested the pair of journalists had already been charged with treason , but it has since emerged that they are in fact being investigated . In Germany the maximum punishment for treason is 15 years in prison unless a judge decides to override that with a harsher sentence .	Germany 's federal prosecutors are investigating whether a website has committed treason .
Chasing 218 , the Irishman hit exactly 100 and shared a crucial stand of 81 with Ateeq Javid ( 42 not out ) as the hosts reached 218-6 . Earlier , Sussex were bowled out for 217 as Australian George Bailey made 59 . Warwickshire play Kent on Wednesday at Edgbaston with victory likely to seal a last-eight spot . Warwickshire 's chase got off to a poor start when skipper Varun Chopra was bowled by Chris Jordan for a duck with the third ball of the innings . Three quick wickets in the middle order then left the Bears 130-5 , but Porterfield put last year 's beaten finalists on the verge of victory with a 124-ball century which included 13 fours . He was out the ball after reaching his ton , bowled by Jordan ( 3-39 ) , but the hard work had already been done and Keith Barker sealed the win with a boundary . Sussex , who are without a victory in this year 's competition , looked well placed at 112-2 in their innings , but lost their last eight wickets for 105 for a total which proved to be well below par .	William Porterfield 's fine century kept Warwickshire in contention for a One-Day Cup quarter-final place as they beat Sussex by four wickets at Rugby .
The vehicle became `` very stuck '' on Church Lane in Watton-at-Stone , Hertfordshire , said police . The driver told officers his sat-nav had directed him down the narrow lane on Friday and the lorry became stuck as his tried to turn it around . The road was closed for two hours while the vehicle was recovered . East Hertfordshire Police tweeted : `` Sat Navs are amazing pieces of technology . Do n't always trust them . ''	An articulated lorry blocked a road when it became `` wedged '' between a building and a junction after its driver followed sat-nav directions .
Paramedics called police after finding the injured 43-year-old at an address on Lord Street in Tyldesley at about 04:30 GMT . She died later in hospital . A post-mortem examination to find the cause of her death is due to take place . The 47-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder . Det Insp Graham Atherton said the woman 's stabbing was believed to be `` an isolated incident '' .	A man has been arrested over the death of a woman who was found with stab wounds to her chest at a house in Greater Manchester .
The 32-year-old will take on a full-time coaching role at the club from 1 October . Pyrah has played 51 first-class matches for Yorkshire since making his debut in 2004 , scoring 1,621 runs and taking 55 wickets . `` I have had a wonderful career with Yorkshire and enjoyed every aspect of it , '' Pyrah told the club website . `` I am now ready for the next chapter in my life and I have always had aspirations of going into coaching . `` It is an exciting period for me and one that I 'm relishing , '' he added . `` In the past , I have had opportunities to leave , but I could never see myself working for another county . Yorkshire is ingrained in my heart and I am look forward to playing my part in the continued success of this great club . '' Yorkshire director of cricket Martyn Moxon said : `` Rich has been a great servant to the club for over a decade . `` He will be a great asset across all aspects of coaching and will be able to pass on his valuable knowledge to every player he comes into contact with . ''	Yorkshire all-rounder Rich Pyrah has retired from cricket with immediate effect .
After an uneventful first half , Rohdell Gordon hit a rebound wide with the goal gaping after Will Hatfield saved . But his blushes were spared by Goldberg , who headed in Lee Minshull 's cross to open the scoring . And Goldberg sealed victory with his second , a curling strike with seven minutes left .	Bromley extended their unbeaten run in the National League to six games thanks to substitute Bradley Goldberg 's brace against Guiseley .
A telehandler vehicle was used to smash a wall at the rear of the Sainsbury 's Local store on Bingham Road in Cotgrave at about 04:00 BST on Monday . The cash machine was taken away in another vehicle described as a white vehicle , possibly an Audi , police said . Officers have sealed off the area and have appealed for any witnesses to come forward . It is unclear how much of the shop has been damaged .	A cash machine has been stolen in a ram raid on a Nottinghamshire supermarket .
A total of 138 candidates are standing across Northern Ireland and 1.2m people are eligible to vote . Northern Ireland 's 1,370 polling stations opened at 07:00 BST and are due to close at 22:00 BST . Counting will take place overnight in eight different centres and the first results in Northern Ireland are expected at about 01:00 BST on Friday . At the polling station , voters will require photographic ID such as a passport , a driving licence or a Translink smartpass . Voters should place a single `` X '' against the candidate of their choice . The Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) is standing in 16 constituencies while the Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) is standing in 15 . Sinn FÃ©in , the SDLP and the Alliance Party are standing in all 18 constituencies . The Green Party is standing five candidates and UKIP is running in 10 seats . Seven Traditional Unionist Voice ( TUV ) candidates have been selected . The Conservative Party is running in 16 seats . The Workers Party is fielding candidates in five constituencies . People Before Profit have fielded a candidate in West Belfast and CISTA is contesting four constituencies . There are five independent candidates . BBC News NI is providing full coverage of the results online , on television and radio .	Northern Ireland voters are going to the polls on Thursday to select 18 MPs in the general election .
The man , in his sixties , fell 10ft ( 3 metres ) while walking near Ystradfellte Falls in the Brecon Beacons on Thursday . Three mountain rescue teams and the Welsh Ambulance Service responded at 15.00 BST . He had to be winched to safety by an RAF Sea King rescue helicopter sent from Royal Marine Base Chivenor . Central Beacons Mountain Rescue Team said the man was `` battered and bruised '' but not seriously injured .	A walker had to be airlifted from a gorge after falling near a popular waterfall in mid Wales .
The new deal means the 30-year-old full-back will remain in Inverness until the summer of 2017 . Tremarco joined the Highlanders in July 2013 after spells at Tranmere Rovers , Wrexham , Darlington and Macclesfield . `` Carl is a great player with a great attitude and it 's good to get him signed up for another year , '' said Caley Thistle manager John Hughes . `` There 's other players who we 've also made offers to and hopefully we can get some more sorted soon . ''	Inverness Caledonian Thistle defender Carl Tremarco has agreed a contract extension with the club .
A concerned neighbour called police to report domestic violence . Police officers who arrived at the property also heard screaming coming from inside . When they tried to break in , the man , wearing headphones , came to the door . It happened on Tuesday in Buitenveldert , a southern area of Amsterdam . Police released details of the incident in a Facebook post . They said everyone concerned had laughed about the matter . Some of the people commenting have suggested that the man should enter The Voice of Holland , a TV talent show . The name of the man has not been released - nor has the name of the opera he was singing along with .	Police in the Netherlands kicked in a door in response to an emergency call - only to realise the `` terrifying screams '' that had been reported were actually the sound of a man singing along to opera .
A six-wicket defeat by Durham sent Hampshire down on the final day of a season which produced just two wins . `` The team 's battled really hard over the last couple of months , in a really difficult season , '' said White . `` There 's positives . We 've got young players playing regular first-team cricket gaining lots of experience . '' A spate of injuries to key players , opening batsman Michael Carberry being diagnosed with cancer and coach Dale Benkenstein leaving halfway through the season for family reasons were just some of the problems Hampshire faced during 2016 . Captain James Vince also missed the majority of the Championship campaign on England duty . Relegation means Hampshire will return to Division Two after just two seasons in the top tier . `` We 're very disappointed that we ended up in this situation , '' White told BBC Radio Solent . `` We felt that the players deserved a little bit more for their efforts . `` It 's a very , very competitive division . The amount of injuries we 've had would stretch us , whatever size squad we might have . `` We know what to expect in Division Two . We 'll want to come back at the first time of asking , but we 're also aware that 's not an easy task either . ''	Hampshire will have the strength to battle back from relegation to Division Two of the County Championship , director of cricket Giles White feels .
The 17-year-old has already made seven first-team appearances for the Scottish Premiership outfit this term . But Dundee manager Paul Hartley thinks he will benefit from more starts . `` This will stand him in good stead , it will be great experience for him and he needs to go get experience of first-team football , '' Hartley told his club website . `` He will come back a better player . `` It will do him the world of good at this point in his development to get more first-team experience . '' Wighton , a product of the Dens Park youth system , broke into the first-team squad last season as they headed for the title and promotion . The Scotland Under-17 cap has scored one senior goal this season , taking his total for Dundee to three as he found the net in a 1-1 draw with Partick Thistle in August .	Highly-rated Dundee striker Craig Wighton has joined Scottish League One outfit Brechin City on loan .
The 25-year-old has agreed a three-year deal at the Madejski Stadium , subject to receiving international clearance . `` He is a creative player who can play off either side of the pitch , '' said Reading manager Steve Clarke . `` His style of play should complement the players already here and we look forward to Paolo joining our squad . '' Hurtado has spent three seasons at Pacos de Ferreira and helped the club qualify for the Championship League last season after they finished third in the Portuguese Primeira Liga in 2014 . He was part of the Peru side which finished third in this summer 's Copa America , and has also spent time at Uruguayan side Penarol . `` With this summer 's transfer policy , the shareholders and the board have recognised that Steve needed to be allowed space to rebuild his squad , '' said chief executive Nigel Howe . `` Last season 's points tally was not on a par with where we need to be , and with Paolo 's arrival we have added another piece to the jigsaw . `` The rebuilding process is always step by step , but we believe the squad is in a stronger position now and I 'd like to wish Paolo the best of luck here at Reading . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Reading have signed Peru international winger Paolo Hurtado from Portuguese club Pacos de Ferreira .
The Lionhearts , beaten in last year 's final by Cuba , went down 3-2 in Rome . Flyweight Galal Yafai beat Federico Serra and Dalton Smith defeated light-welterweight Paolo di Lernia . But there were defeats for Jack Bateson , Josip-Bepo Filipi and Luka Plantic as all the bouts went to points . Bantamweight Bateson was beaten by Francesco Maietta , Plantic lost his middleweight clash with Salvatore Cavallaro and heavyweight Filipi was outpointed by London 2012 Olympic silver medallist Clemente Russo .	British Lionhearts suffered a defeat to Italia Thunder in their 2017 World Series of Boxing opener .
The 29-year-old , who is currently in Rio hosting coverage of the Olympic Games , said he was `` a huge fan '' of the show and `` can not wait to get started '' . `` I 'm still waiting for someone to wake me up and tell me I 'm dreaming ! It 's going to be so much fun , '' he added . Oduba is the fourth star announced for the show , which begins in September . He joins former shadow chancellor Ed Balls , singer Will Young and presenter Laura Whitmore , who were confirmed earlier this week . Oduba , who also appears on BBC Breakfast , said : `` I 've been such a huge fan of the show for over a decade . So to actually take to the Strictly stage myself , I do n't think I 've been more nervously excited - aside from on my wedding day . Let 's hope for fewer tears ! '' Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	BBC Sport presenter Ore Oduba has become the latest celebrity to join the line-up for the new series of BBC One 's Strictly Come Dancing .
It follows two similar incidents in recent days on the same street , Mountcollyer Avenue in Tiger 's Bay . A man who lives in the house said : `` I noticed my window was broken so I went outside and saw two guys walking towards North Queen Street . `` They were quite relaxed and without any embarrassment - they were wearing hoodies so I could n't see their faces . '' Police have said `` initial investigations indicate that the crime is hate motivated '' . `` Hate crime is unacceptable and I appeal to anyone with any information relating to this particular hate crime , please contact York Road police on the non-emergency number 101 , '' a police spokesman added . On Monday night , a group of men attacked two houses and threatened residents at the street in what police described as a racially motivated hate crime . Windows in two of the houses were smashed with bricks and one man was reported to have been carrying a pick axe .	A window of a Polish man 's house in north Belfast has been smashed in what police say is a suspected hate crime .
The Italian man was taken to an unknown destination from a street near Italy 's embassy in south-west Sanaa , security and diplomatic sources have said . Police have said they are trying to track down and identify the gunmen . The Italian Foreign Ministry in Rome confirmed the kidnapping to the AP news agency . Kidnappings of foreigners are common in Yemen and are usually resolved peacefully . The majority of kidnappings are carried out by gunmen who use captives to make bargains with the Yemeni government . Officials tend to blame tribesmen or gunmen linked to al-Qaeda for taking foreigners . A French official working for the Red Cross was released earlier this month after being kidnapped in April . A Swiss woman who was working as a teacher and seized by al-Qaeda militants in March remains a hostage .	A security agent working for the Italian embassy in Yemen 's capital Sanaa has been kidnapped by gunmen , officials said .
Both Yahoo Mail and Gmail are named in the 30 April email , published on Thursday by Gizmodo , saying the attacks had increased `` in the past 48 hours '' . Yahoo Mail will be blocked `` until further notice '' it adds . Ransomware encrypts victims ' files and demands a ransom be paid for unlocking . Meanwhile , an unnamed House of Representatives employee has told Reuters devices connected to the internet via its wi-fi or ethernet cables have been barred from accessing appspot.com , the domain where Google hosts custom-built apps . `` We began blocking appspot.com on 3 May 3 in response to indicators that appspot.com was potentially still hosting a remote access Trojan named BLT that has been there since June 2015 , '' the news agency was told . Reuters ' sources said the FBI had originally warned Congress of the potential vulnerabilities . Former House of Representatives employee Ted Henderson told Reuters two Google-hosted apps he had created to allow members of Congress to discuss politics and share notifications about votes had been hit by the ban . Both Yahoo and Google said they were working with Congress to resolve the issue .	A series of ransomware attacks on the House of Representatives has led US Congress to ban members from using Yahoo Mail , according to a leaked email .
Rose , 24 , has made 38 Premier League appearances for Spurs since joining from Leeds in 2007 and was part of the GB squad at the London 2012 Olympics . He will compete with Ben Davies - a new signing from Swansea - for the left-back spot at White Hart Lane . Rose , who has played on loan for Watford , Peterborough , Bristol City and Sunderland , scored a stunning volley against Arsenal on his debut in 2010 .	Tottenham defender Danny Rose has signed a new five-year contract .
The owner , Nexus , is spending £40m on train refurbishment and track replacement as part of a £389m Government-funded plan . A new traffic management system will be the largest investment in new technology for the control room since the Metro opened 30 years ago . Central Station and three Gateshead stations will be refurbished . This will include improved seating , lighting and accessibility . Nexus said there would be weekend closures over the summer , but it was not expected that the traffic management installation would cause any disruption .	A multi-million pound investment is being made to modernise the Tyne and Wear Metro over the next year .
The Nanteos Cup , a wooden chalice named after the mansion in Aberystwyth , was stolen from a house in Weston Under Penyard , Herefordshire , in July 2014 . It had been loaned to a seriously ill woman because of its claimed healing properties but burglars struck while the woman was in hospital . It was found following an appeal this month on BBC One 's Crimewatch Roadshow . The cup is claimed to have been brought to Britain by Joseph of Arimathea after the death of Christ and then taken to Nanteos Mansion by seven monks from Strata Florida , Ceredigion , during the reign of Henry Vlll .	A religious relic known as the `` Holy Grail '' will be reunited with its owners after it was stolen during a burglary .
The 26-year-old , who spent the final two months of the 2015-16 season on loan at Plymouth , will join Gary Bowyer 's men later this month . Jamaican-born Matt scored seven goals in 14 games for Argyle as they reached the League Two play-off final . `` Jamille fits the profile for the type of striker I wanted to bring to the club , '' Bowyer told the club website . `` He 's strong , powerful , determined and , most importantly , knows where the goal is , '' Bowyer added . Matt is Bowyer 's first signing since he became Blackpool boss on 1 June . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Blackpool have signed striker Jamille Matt from neighbouring League One side Fleetwood Town on a two-year deal .
Tuesday 's match between the two sides was postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Moss Rose . A torrential downpour just over an hour before the scheduled 19:45 BST kick-off time left large sections of the pitch under water . Referee Steve Rushton waited until 18:45 BST before deciding there was no chance of any play .	Macclesfield Town will host Wrexham in the National League on Tuesday , 27 September , with kick off at 19:45 BST .
The Slochd Summit , south of Inverness , is the second highest point on the A9 after the Drumochter Summit at 401m ( 1,315ft ) above sea level . The road at the Slochd is one of 12 sections of the A9 being upgraded from single to dual carriageway . Ground investigation work there is due to start early next week . A traffic management system will be in place during the work which is expected to take five weeks to complete . Transport Scotland 's A9 dualling project is to be completed in 2025 at a cost of Â£3bn . Economy Secretary Keith Brown said : `` Building on the vital ground investigation work that has already taken place across the dualling programme this year , this latest ground investigation contract will take place along a very challenging part of the route totalling over 15 miles which includes the dramatic rockface at Slochd . `` We hope to identify the preferred route for this section next year and these investigations will help inform the design work at the next stage . ''	Engineers are to investigate how to tackle one of the most challenging sections in a project to upgrade the A9 trunk road between Inverness and Perth .
The 31-year-old is looking to become the first rider in more than a decade to claim back-to-back titles in the five-day event . Froome finished 27th in last year 's prologue over the same course and went on to win the tour . Stage 1 of the tour starts in Wangaratta on Thursday . Froome 's Team Sky team-mate Danny van Poppel set a new course record in winning the 2.1km individual time trial through the centre of Melbourne with a time of 2mins 32secs .	Three-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome finished 26th in the Herald Sun Tour prologue in Melbourne on Wednesday - the Briton 's first event of 2017 .
A total of 4,062 people - the most in the history of the Midland League - saw the newly-formed club beat Dunkirk 4-1 . `` The crowd are going to help us win this league , '' said 20-year-old Birch . `` I 've never played in front of so many . It was surreal . The hype for this game was massive . '' Formed in the aftermath of Hereford United 's winding-up in December 2014 , Hereford FC beat FC United of Manchester in their first game back at Edgar Street during pre-season in July , again in front of a large crowd of almost 4,250 . A hat-trick from striker John Mills and another from forward Pablo Heysham got the Bulls off to the perfect start to life in the ninth tier of English football . Birch says they have now set the standard they have to try and match consistently . `` We 're going to have to keep playing well to keep the crowd coming , it works hand-in-hand , '' he added to BBC Hereford and Worcester . `` I think the players will be loyal - I ca n't see why anyone would want to leave with the potential that 's here and the crowds . ''	After a record crowd of more than 4,000 watched Hereford FC win their first ever league game at Edgar Street on Saturday , midfielder Aaron Birch says the fans are the key to any success .
20 June 2017 Last updated at 08:02 BST A van was driven into a crowd of people coming out of a mosque in an area called Finsbury Park in North London . Several people were hurt , and one man died . Police say the attacker acted alone , and a man has been arrested . The prime minister Theresa May has spoken out to say the UK will not give in to hate , and across London vigils were held last night , to remember the people affected . Martin went to one of the vigils .	A terrorist attack took place in a place in London on Sunday overnight .
Metropolitan Police officer Tom Harrison , from Amersham , Buckinghamshire , used the name Mr Gorilla during the challenge . All sponsorship money would go to The Gorilla Organisation , he said . After crossing the finishing line he was congratulated by TV celebrity and conservationist Bill Oddie . Mr Harrison missed out on the marathon finishers ' medal , awarded to runners who complete the course within eight hours , but was given a trophy and a stuffed gorilla toy . He slept at friends ' homes overnight and spent 10-12 hours most days covering the course . Mr Harrison said it was difficult crawling on his knees and he eventually decided to walk on all fours - feet and hands . `` When people saw the marathon number on my back they realised what I was doing and support grew . `` People even stopped to cheer me , '' he said .	A man has raised nearly £50,000 for gorilla conservation by crawling around the 26.2-mile London Marathon course in costume over six and a half days .
It says a new contract-based law will replace the `` kafala '' system , ensuring greater flexibility and protection . Human rights groups say the change leaves the system - which they describe as modern-day slavery - intact . Qatar has imported hundreds of thousands of construction workers for the 2022 football World Cup . Rights groups say many of them have died because of appalling working conditions . Qatar says a new law is coming into effect on Tuesday . `` These new legislative changes , combined with ongoing enforcement and a commitment to systemic reform , not just in Qatar but also in countries of origin , will ensure workers ' rights are respected across the entire labour pathway , '' the government said in a statement . But Amnesty International says the measure will not lead to significant changes . `` This new law may get rid of the word'sponsorship ' but it leaves the same basic system intact , '' Amnesty 's James Lynch said . Rights groups say that migrant workers will still need employer 's consent to return home . Earlier this year , Amnesty accused Qatar of using forced labour to prepare for the 2022 World Cup . Qatar said it was `` concerned '' by the allegations and would investigate .	Qatar is ending its labour sponsorship system that forces foreign workers to seek their employer 's permission to change jobs or leave the country .
The 23-year-old Olympian will join Minnesota in time for the 2017 season after deciding to finish her studies at the University of Southern California . Fagbene , who was born in the United States but grew up in London , has played 32 times for Britain . She averaged 13.6 points and nine rebounds for USC last season . Fagbenle played three seasons at Harvard before transferring to USC to pursue a masters degree in strategical public relations .	Great Britain 's Temi Fagbenle will play for Minnesota Lynx in the WNBA after being selected in the final round of this year 's draft .
Sheen will star in the biopic In High Places , which will tell the story of the mountaineer 's ill-fated expedition to Mount Everest in 1924 . Mallory was last seen near the summit with fellow climber Andrew 'Sandy ' Irvine . His body was found in 1999 . Kelly Macdonald will play Mallory 's wife Ruth , and Andrew Scott , best known as Sherlock 's Moriarty , will also star . He will appear as Mallory 's friend and fellow climber Noel Odell , reported Screen Daily . Writer and director James McEachen described the biopic as `` an epic story about the uncompromising nature of character and the sometimes overwhelming power of dreams . '' He said : `` I have been fascinated by George Mallory for as long as I can remember . That led directly to my own Himalayan climbs in the 90s , including leading an expedition to 27,766 foot Makalu in 1992 . `` It was this direct experience that gave me a deep-seated respect for the bold imagination and war-hardened bravery that Mallory and his companions displayed in their quest for the summit of Everest - long before the age of Gore-Tex and titanium . '' Shooting is due start in South Tyrol , India , London and Cologne later this year .	Michael Sheen is set to play British climber George Mallory on the big screen .
4 February 2016 Last updated at 17:45 GMT The Meem cable is designed to make a copy of your phone contacts , photos and more every time you plug it in to charge . The company 's chief executive Kelly Sumner told the BBC 's Chris Foxx some people did n't trust the cloud services smartphone manufacturers provide .	A phone charging cable that backs up your data as you top up your battery has been produced by a British firm .
Horrobin punched 24-year-old Lewis Siddall , from Skellow , in a Doncaster bar in August . Mr Siddal was later found dead at his home . Blue Horrobin , 23 , of Highfield Road , Askern , Doncaster , was found guilty of manslaughter at Sheffield Crown Court . He was remanded in custody to appear in the court on 20 February for sentencing . For live updates and more stories from Yorkshire A post-mortem examination found Mr Siddall , a PE teacher , died from a head injury . Horrobin was seen landing a single punch to Lewis 's head inside the VDKA bar at around 23:00 GMT on 11 August . CCTV and witness accounts led police and prosecutors to believe the assault was unprovoked . Det Ch Insp Steve Handley said : `` Lewis was killed as the result of an unprovoked and senseless act of violence when he was simply out enjoying himself with some friends . `` This was an avoidable death and shows the devastating effect one punch can have on the lives of the victim , their family and friends . '' `` This could have been entirely avoided , had Horrobin made a different decision not to lash out with his fists , Lewis would still be alive and well today . ''	A man who hit and killed a teacher with a single punch in an `` unprovoked '' attack has been convicted .
Officials have been awarded £1.2m by the Welsh Government to develop a business case to pave the way for the second phase of improvements at the hospital in Carmarthen . It was upgraded after a report into facilities at the labour ward in 2015 . A successful business case would secure funding for more improvements .	Plans to improve the maternity and neonatal unit at Carmarthenshire 's Glangwili hospital are being pushed forward .
The 25-year-old has agreed a two-year deal with the Lions , who lost in the play-off final to Barnsley last season . Wylde scored seven goals in 51 games last term for Argyle , who were losers in the League Two play-off final . `` ( Millwall manager ) Neil Harris really sold the club to me and came to watch me play a few times too , '' Wylde told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Plymouth winger Gregg Wylde will join League One side Millwall on 1 July when his Argyle contract expires .
Cooper featured in 18 games for the Lions last season after joining on loan in January and has now agreed a three-year deal . The 22-year-old made 54 appearances for Reading , having come through the club 's academy system . `` I 'm very confident that he can go on to become a top , top centre-half for the club , '' Lions boss Neil Harris said . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Millwall have re-signed defender Jake Cooper from Championship rivals Reading for an undisclosed fee .
Pirates got a bonus point as they beat Ospreys ' Premiership Select 34-10 in Maesteg to consolidate second place in their British and Irish Cup pool . Paver told BBC Radio Cornwall : `` Over the last month we 've had a full review of why we lost close games and it came down to our discipline . `` We 've had a massive focus on what can we do and what 's in our control . '' Pirates gave up just six penalties in the whole game as Brett Beukeboom scored two tries , while Tyler Gendall , Marlen Walker and a penalty try earned the Penzance-based club their bonus point . `` The guys have dealt with it pretty harshly in training and in games we have some very frank conversations about discipline issues , '' added Paver . `` Over the last four weeks our average penalty count has dramatically dropped , in some cases it 's halved , which is absolutely outstanding . `` That 's testament to their ability to retain the information and being able to deliver it under pressure . ''	Cornish Pirates coach Alan Paver says his side 's improved discipline is a major factor in their return to form .
Lindsay Jo Rimer , 13 , disappeared on 7 November 1994 when she went to buy cornflakes from a shop in Hebden Bridge , West Yorkshire . Her body was found a mile from the town centre in Rochdale Canal the following April . A 68-year-old man from Bradford was arrested by police on Tuesday morning . More stories from Yorkshire here He was released earlier . A 63-year-old man arrested in November on the suspicion of Lindsay 's murder remains on police bail . Lindsay 's body was found by two canal workers who were checking the water for debris . One of them was Andy Glover , from Mytholmroyd , who said at first sight he thought it was a sheep but then realised it was the missing teenager . On the day Lindsay was last seen , she left her home in Cambridge Street at about 22:00 GMT and met her mother at the Trades Club in Hebden Bridge . The last known sighting of her was captured on CCTV 20 minutes later as she bought cornflakes on Crown Street . In April , police said a new DNA profile had been identified which it hoped would lead them to identify the killer .	A second man arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager whose body was found in a canal 22 years ago has been released .
A 49-8 defeat of Hong Kong in Tokyo ensured they maintained their record of appearing in every tournament to date . They join Scotland , South Africa , Samoa and the United States in Pool B of the 20-team competition which begins in September next year . Hong Kong can still join them despite the loss , if they come through the four-team repechage . If Hong Kong were to beat Uruguay in the first round , they would then face either Russia or an African team in the final . Should they win that , they would secure the last place in Pool A alongside the hosts , Wales , Australia and either Fiji or the Cook Islands . Japan , the hosts of the 2019 tournament , are coached by Eddie Jones , who led the Australia team defeated by England in the 2003 final in Sydney .	Japan have qualified for the 2015 Rugby World Cup in England after clinching the Asian Five Nations title on Sunday .
Rio Tinto was among the fallers , down 2.8 % after it updated the market on its performance . It said profits had almost doubled to $ 3.3bn for the six months to 30 June . The benchmark FTSE 100 ended the day down 0.16 % at 7,411.43 . In the FTSE 250 , shares in William Hill bookmaker rose 6.1 % , despite an 11 % drop in first-half pre-tax profit . The firm , which named a new chief executive and a finance chief in March , said profit before interest and tax for the 26 weeks to 27 June fell to Â£109m from Â£122m a year earlier . Other big winners in the FTSE 100 included ITV , Paddy Power Betfair , Kingfisher and Babcock International . Other big fallers included Standard Chartered , Rolls-Royce , Micro Focus International and BAE Systems . On the currency markets , the pound was up 0.2 % against the dollar at $ 1.3230 and 0.3 % down against the euro at 1.1156 euros .	Investment group Old Mutual topped the London stock market in Wednesday trade , up by 2.8 % .
Keepers threw a party for Nickel - who was born at the Welsh Mountain Zoo in Colwyn Bay in 1995 - to celebrate the milestone on Thursday . Nickel and the zoo 's 10 other chimps were given some treats to unwrap . Head keeper Michelle Pywell said : `` It was wonderful to see the chimps all taking part in the celebration and sharing many presents . '' Chimpanzees can live up to about 50 years .	It was a case of many apey returns for a chimpanzee celebrating his 21st birthday at a Conwy zoo .
Local media say as many as 29 people were killed in the attack by suspected herdsmen from the Fulani ethnic group and police were caught in an ambush . Unconfirmed reports suggest the herdsmen were acting in revenge . The BBC 's Ishaq Khalid says there is an ongoing conflict between herdsmen and farmers over land and grazing rights . This particular feud was over the destruction of farm crops , police spokesman Othman Abubakar told AFP news agency . Mr Abubakar said the gunmen had looted food supplies and set fire to homes before fleeing on Sunday morning . The police chief of Girei town , in Adamawa State , was killed when police had been ambushed on the way to the site of the attack , he added One suspect has been arrested .	At least 20 people , including a police chief , were killed in early morning attacks on four villages in northern Nigeria , police say .
Nippon Yusen , Mitsui O.S.K . Lines and Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha said the joint venture would see savings of more than 110bn yen ( $ 1bn ; Â£820m ) a year . With a fleet of 256 container vessels , the proposed business would hold about 7 % of the world shipping market . Globally the shipping industry is suffering from overcapacity and weak economic growth . That has left hundreds of ships standing idle and earlier this year led to the collapse of South Korea 's Hanjin - the world 's seventh largest container shipping firm . The merged group , which would become the world 's sixth largest container shipping operation by capacity , is expected to start operating in April 2018 . Shipping analyst Greg Knowler of IHS said the deal did not come as a complete surprise , given all carriers had reported some huge losses in the past past year or so . `` The quest for scale , and expectations that weak demand and excess capacity will continue for at least another two years , are driving the wave of consolidation that has swamped the liner shipping industry this year , '' he said . The three Japanese companies said that `` by strengthening the global organization and enhancing the liner network , the new joint-venture company aims to provide higher quality and more competitive services in order to exceed our clients ' expectations '' .	Three of Japan 's biggest shipping companies are merging their container operations to become more efficient .
Ferres joined Rhinos from Huddersfield for an undisclosed fee in January , and has made 19 appearances this season . The 30-year-old had been at the Giants since 2012 , having previously played for Castleford , Wakefield and Bradford . `` Results and our league position [ ninth in Super League ] have not gone to plan , but this is a great club , '' he said . `` I will be looking to knuckle down and make the most of this opportunity to help get the team back to where we want to be at the top of the table . '' Leeds , the defending Super League champions , will face Featherstone Rovers in the Qualifiers on 6 August after finishing ninth .	England forward Brett Ferres has signed a new contract with Leeds Rhinos that will keep him at the Super League club until the end of the 2019 season .
According to city officials , pollution has reached a `` critical level '' . Under the measures , around 40 % of cars with a catalyst and 80 % of those without are banned from the streets from 07:30 until 21:00 on Monday . This June has been the driest since 1968 and the lack of rain has contributed to the poor air quality in the capital , officials say . Santiago is located in a valley and when there is little wind and no rain , smog can hang over the city of six million inhabitants for days . Industries considered particularly polluting have also been ordered to stay shut on Monday . Residents have been urged not to exercise outdoors . However , training sessions for teams competing in the Copa America football tournament , which Chile is hosting , are expected to go ahead . No games are scheduled for Monday . The first of the quarter-final games will be held in Santiago between Chile and Uruguay on Wednesday . The authorities called on residents to show their `` civic spirit and solidarity '' on Monday by reducing pollution to a minimum . The emergency measures will be in place for 24 hours , but officials can extend them if they deem it necessary .	Authorities in Chile 's capital Santiago have imposed emergency measures amid rising pollution .
Enda Dolan , 18 , from Killyclogher , County Tyrone , died after he was hit by a van on the Malone Road on 15 October . David Lee Stewart , 30 , of Grays Park Avenue , faced charges of causing death by dangerous driving and causing death by careless driving while unfit . William Ross Casement of Belvoir Drive is charged with assisting an offender . The 20-year-old is also charged with aiding and abetting in failing to remain at the scene of an accident . Mr Stewart is further accused of failing to stop and failing to remain at the scene of an accident causing injury . Mr Casement is also accused of a separate indecent behaviour incident in the vicinity of Donegall Square East on 15 October . Both men were released on continuing bail to return to court next month . Mr Dolan was a first-year architecture student at Queen 's University in Belfast . He had been returning to his student flat when the incident happened . A crash barrier that residents living near the scene of the collision said would have saved his life had been removed less than a month before his death . The Department for Regional Development later installed new safety measures at the spot where Mr Dolan was killed .	Two Belfast men have appeared in court charged over the death of a teenage student who was knocked down in the city last year .
Chris Higgins scored the opener for the visitors midway through the first period at Altrincham Ice Centre . It was quickly followed by a Storm equaliser from Trevor Johnson before Matt Nickerson netted the winner with nine minutes left in the game . The Giants , who beat Sheffield Steelers by the same scoreline on Saturday , remain second in the standings . Jackson Whistle started consecutive games with Ryan Martinelli missing Sunday 's game through injury . Belfast dominated the opening period , outshooting the Storm 10-5 with Mike Clemente the busier of the two netminders . Higgins netted at 11:32 , assisted by Mark Garside and Michael Forney , before Johnson scored on a powerplay at 13:35 . The second period was scoreless as both Whistle and Clemente kept the scores level in a finely poised tie . Finally , at 50:21 , the Giants got the all important go-ahead goal - Nickerson , assisted by Mark Garside and Alex Foster , finished beautifully . The Giants closed out the game in a professional manner to seal the win and avenge last month 's 5-1 defeat against the same opposition . The teams meet again at the same venue on Wednesday night in the Challenge Cup quarter-final first leg .	Belfast Giants clinched victory over Manchester Storm on Sunday to make it two Elite League wins in two days .
Gwent Police said the man , 43 , died after the collision on Chapel Road , Nantyglo , at about 18:05 GMT on Friday . A 19-year-old man , from Cardiff , who was driving the car was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving . He has since been released on bail pending further inquires .	A motorcyclist has died following a crash with a car in Blaenau Gwent .
Croft missed most of last season with an anterior cruciate ligament injury . And after returning to action last month , the 28-year-old will be out until late November after knee surgery . `` Tom had a small operation to take a screw out of his knee that was holding some bits together , '' said Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill . `` The screw is irritating the joint and it wo n't settle , so he had that taken out and he will probably be six weeks away from playing now . '' In 2012 , Croft - who has been capped 36 times by England - was out for eight months with a serious neck injury .	Leicester and England flanker Tom Croft faces another six weeks on the sidelines and will not be available for the start of the autumn internationals .
Ramadan al-Anzi 's column in al-Jazirah newspaper lauded the monarch using attributes usually reserved for God . And while effusive praise of the king is customary - and even expected - comparisons to deities are frowned upon in Saudi Arabia . As a result , the `` astonished '' King Salman sent instructions to suspend Mr Anzi , Saudi media reported . The newspaper had already published an apology for Friday 's column , in which Mr Anzi described King Salman as `` Haleem '' , or forbearing , and `` Shadeed al-Eqab '' , both phrases reserved for God . `` The phrases and tribute which the author bestowed on the personality of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques , are not acceptable , despite what God had bestowed upon him , may God protect him , of the honour of serving the two holy mosques , Islam , the homeland and the people , '' al-Jazirah wrote . Some Saudi media reported action had also been ordered against the newspaper .	A Saudi columnist has been suspended after he went too far in praise of the country 's leader , King Salman .
They brought hay and feed to the animals stuck on an island on Lough Beg near Toome . Three animals were dead . A further 10 were still alive . It is believed they had come to the island on a causeway when the lough level was low . They became stranded when winter flood waters running off Lough Neagh raised the level . Members of the community rescue service based at Portglenone took supplies to the island on Thursday . Norman Worthington said they had received a call to alert them to the presence of the horses . The animals seemed to be in decent condition and some attempt had been made to feed them with hay . But the ground had been badly cut up and the horses were standing in up to 10 inches of mud . The dead animals have been covered with heavy plastic . The welfare of horses is now a matter for councils under law . Mid Ulster Council said it had received a complaint and was investigating .	Volunteers have mounted a mercy mission to save horses stranded by winter flood waters .
Two helicopters , two lifeboats and six ships searched an area 27 miles south west of Newhaven , East Sussex . The UK coastguard got a distress call at 18:30 BST on Friday that a member of crew had fallen overboard . The man was not found . The coastguard said the search for him would resume if there were any new sightings . Helicopters from Lydd and Lee-on-Solent and RNLI boats from Newhaven and Shoreham were sent to the scene and several merchant vessels joined the search .	A search for a crewman , missing overboard from a tanker in the Channel , has been called off after six hours .
Essex were set 329 to win after Sussex were bowled out for 288 in the morning as Jamie Porter finished with 5-82 . Cook , who was dropped on one by Danny Briggs , remained vigilant after the visitors fell to 128-4 and lost regular wickets throughout the afternoon as the seamers ran though the top order . The 31-year-old finished on 127 not out as Essex closed on 266-7 . It was the England opener 's second successive hundred in his opening two County Championship matches , having been made available for Essex 's first four Division Two games . Cook 's 103-run fifth-wicket partnership with Jesse Ryder had briefly given Essex hope of victory , with 95 needed from a minimum of 16 overs , before Ryder was bowled by Luke Wells . The Sussex leg-spinner then had skipper Ryan ten Doeschate caught at deep cover and Ajmal Shahzad trapped James Foster lbw as the match swung back in the hosts ' favour with Essex needing to bat out 10 overs with three wickets remaining . However , Cook and Graham Napier ( six not out ) survived the new ball as Essex remained unbeaten following their win over Gloucestershire last week .	England Test captain Alastair Cook hit an unbeaten century as Essex held on to secure a draw against Sussex at Hove .
Residents in Whiterock Gardens have followed the lead of their neighbours in nearby Iris Drive . `` It all started last year when the street got together for different events , '' said Whiterock Gardens resident , Linda Sloan . `` We had fancy dress at Halloween , the Easter Bunny at Easter and now , this summer , we organised this Euro sweepstake . `` I got the Republic of Ireland - I do n't think I 'm in with a chance . '' Last week it was revealed that residents in Iris Drive were proudly flying the flags of the participating countries ahead of the Euro 2016 football tournament .	A second street in west Belfast has decided to fly their colours or more precisely the flags of the countries taking part in Euro 2016 .
Police were called to Hartshill Road , Stoke-on-Trent , on Monday after paramedics responding to reports that a man had collapsed found a body . The remains were identified as those of 42-year-old Peter Davegun , who lived at the address . Samantha Adeokun , 40 , from Albert Street , Silverdale , was remanded in custody by Staffordshire magistrates . She is due to appear in court again on 30 December .	A woman has appeared in court charged with murder after a man 's body was found at a flat in Staffordshire .
A spokesman for the GMB union , which represents 63 firefighters at the site , said the action would be 24-hour strikes starting in July . He said members felt they were not getting the right pay and were doing work above their role . Sellafield Ltd said further talks are planned for 30 June but `` arrangements are in place '' to cope with action . The Sellafield nuclear reprocessing and decommissioning site employs about 10,000 people . GMB senior organiser for Sellafield , Chris Jukes , said almost all of the site 's firefighters , who voted two to one in favour of industrial action , are part of the union . He said : `` The firefighters do a vitally important job and they feel completely taken advantage of by management , relying on doing work over and above what they are paid for . `` It is sinful that this highly skilled group of workers have been put in this position . '' A spokesman for Sellafield Ltd said the firm was `` committed to resolving '' the issues . He added : `` The safety and security of the Sellafield site are our overriding priorities . `` We have arrangements in place to ensure the site remains safe during any industrial action . ''	Firefighters at the Sellafield nuclear site have agreed to take industrial action in a dispute over pay .
The 33-year-old , who captained Germany to their 2014 World Cup victory , announced his decision after Bayern 's German Cup last-16 win over Wolfsburg . It was the defender 's 501st game for the Bundesliga leaders . `` I can continue with my leadership style , giving my best every day , in every training , until the end of the season . I can keep doing it this season but not beyond , '' he said . It means he will leave the German champions a year before his contract expires . `` I 've been considering it for more than the past year , '' he added . `` You have to keep testing yourself , you have to keep asking yourself 'how is it ' , day by day , week by week on the training pitch , what 's the feeling you have . '' The Bayern youth product made his senior debut in 2002 and has won seven Bundesliga titles with the club , as well as the Champions League . He retired from international football after Germany 's triumph in Brazil in 2014 .	Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm will retire at the end of the season .
Jhajharia , also a gold medallist in 2004 , achieved a throw of 63.97m . The win gave India its second gold medal of the Rio games , taking its overall tally to four - two golds , one silver and a bronze . High jumpers Mariyappan Thangavelu and Varun Bhati won gold and bronze , while shot-putter Deepa Malik won a silver . According to The Indian Express newspaper , Jhajharia lost his left hand after accidentally touching an electrical wire while trying to climb a tree when he was eight years old . He began competing in para-athletics while still in school , and made his international debut in the 2002 Asian Games in Busan . Jhajharia lives in Rajasthan with his wife and two children , and works for the Indian Railways . Many Indians woke up to the news and praised Jhajharia 's feat . Prime Minister Narendra Modi took the lead :	India 's Devendra Jhajharia has become the first Indian to win two Paralympic gold medals , breaking his own world record in the men 's javelin throw .
The assault happened in Rotherwood Avenue at about 17:00 . The man was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital with serious injuries . His condition has been described as `` serious but stable '' . Police have asked anyone with information to contact them .	A 51-year-old man is in a serious condition after being attacked in the Knightswood area of Glasgow .
Albion beat Edinburgh-based Lowland League side Spartans on penalties in the first round but could be eliminated for fielding an ineligible player . Crusaders will be at home to Motherwell 's Under-20s side who beat Queen 's Park on Wednesday . Two teams from the Republic of Ireland are participating for the first time . Bray Wanderers will travel to Elgin City while Sligo Rovers have home advantage against Falkirk . The matches are scheduled for 2/3 September . This is the second season in which two clubs from Northern Ireland and two from Wales are taking part in the competition which involves clubs from the Scottish Championship and Leagues One and Two as well as teams from the Highland and Lowland Leagues . Last year Crusaders lost 2-1 to Livingston while Linfield were beaten 2-0 at Queen of the South . The competition was won by Dundee United who beat St Mirren in the final in March . See the full draw for the second round of the Scottish Challenge Cup	Irish Premiership champions Linfield have been drawn away to Albion Rovers or Spartans in the second round of the Scottish Challenge Cup .
Severn Trent has agreed to buy Dee Valley Water for about £78.5m . The company has now suspended talks on an alternative takeover bid with the investment firm Ancala , which had bid roughly £71.3m . Severn Trent said it would invest in the firm and help vulnerable customers but MPs in the area have raised concerns about the takeover . Wrexham MP Ian Lucas said : `` Dee Valley Water has been a small and quietly efficient company , which has gone about its business serving our area well in the past few years . `` It is now facing a takeover by a multinational company and I am concerned that profits , rather than service , will be put first . '' Clwyd South MP Susan Elan Jones said it was `` vital that reassurances are given about people 's jobs and that local people 's concerns are listened to - and acted upon '' . Severn Trent played down the concerns . A spokesman said : `` Customers will share in half of any wholesale cost efficiencies achieved , which will be reflected in future bills . ''	A water company which supplies about 260,000 customers in north east Wales and Cheshire is being sold .
The Swede , 39 , shot a steady two-under 68 to record a sixth straight round under par at the East Lake course . Stenson is one of five players for whom victory would mean he would win the FedEx Cup , and with it a £6.6m bonus . Masters and US Open champion Spieth is another , and his 66 was the best score of the day . World number one Jason Day is also in contention for the FedEx Cup and is one-over after a level-par second round . Making up the quintet are American 's Rickie Fowler ( one under ) and Bubba Watson ( one over ) , who shot rounds of 69 and 71 respectively . Englishman Paul Casey is handily placed in third on five-under after a level-par round , while Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy is tied fifth on three-under after a 71 . Former US Open winner Justin Rose remains in contention after a 68 left him two under .	Henrik Stenson has a three-stroke lead over American Jordan Spieth after a rain-hit second round of the Tour Championship in Atlanta .
Ahmed Sayeed Adan , 40 , from the Burngreave area , was attacked outside Emin Supermarket in Spital Hill at about 03:45 GMT on 20 November . He died nine days later . South Yorkshire Police , who are treating his death as murder , said he had died as a result of head injuries . The force has appealed for witnesses to come forward .	A man who died in hospital after he was assaulted in a Sheffield street has been named by police .
Sonny Elms , 25 , and his associates flooded Scarborough with heroin and cocaine between 2013 and 2014 . Elms , of Mansfield Avenue , Manchester , pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class A drugs in April 2016 but failed to turn up to be sentenced in February . He was arrested in July and sentenced at at York Crown Court earlier . More stories from across Yorkshire Elms was sentenced to eight years and eight months for the drugs offences and ordered to serve a further 12-months for failing to surrender . Five members of the gang were jailed in February for between six years and three months and 18 months after admitting drugs offences . Det Sgt Ryan Chapman said : `` This gang looked to target vulnerable people in Scarborough without any care for the damage drugs cause . `` Elms seemed to think that he would disappear from our radar if he did n't attend court . But it does n't work like that . '' A seventh man , 26-year-old Paul Heaton , from Manchester , remains at large after absconding before sentencing .	The head of a drugs gang who spent months on the run after skipping bail has been jailed for nine years and eight months .
Lancashire Police apologised to the man after the October 2012 incident . The man 's solicitor said the settlement was undisclosed . The victim 's identity is protected by a court order . The man brought a claim for false imprisonment , assault and battery and breach of the Human Rights Act 1998 against Lancashire Constabulary . He has described being Tasered as feeling like `` grabbing an electricity pylon '' . The man said he had post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) and had been left `` very nervous '' . An investigation by the Independent Police Complaints Commission said the police officer who shot him had `` used a level of force that was unnecessary and disproportionate '' . Following a disciplinary hearing in 2014 , the officer was told to apologise to the man in person and was given a `` performance-improvement notice '' .	A blind man hit with a stun gun when his white stick was mistaken for a sword has agreed an out-of-court settlement with Lancashire Police .
The fee is believed to be in the region of US $ 8m ( £6m ) and would be the highest paid to an African club . BBC Sport understands the deal for the 23-year-old will go through this week . Evouna joined Ahly last summer from Moroccan side Wydad Casablanca . He scored 12 goals in 24 matches to help them win their 38th league title . He became the most expensive player in Egyptian football history when he signed for the Red Devils for US $ 2.5m ( £1.9m ) but is set to ; leave after only one season . Evouna has scored 10 goals in 19 appearances for his country and played for the Panthers at the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations on home soil .	Gabon international striker Malick Evouna is set to join Chinese Super League side Tianjin Teda from Egyptian giants Al Ahly .
Midfielder Joel Byrom , 30 , has joined on an undisclosed length contract after being released by Northampton Town Goalkeeper Jake Kean has joined on loan from Championship side Sheffield Wednesday , with the 25-year-old staying at Field Mill until the summer . Twenty-year-old Sheffield United midfielder Ben Whiteman has also joined on loan until the end of the season . `` When we came in it was important for all of us that we increased competition in all areas of the pitch , '' Evans told the club website . `` We have to be ruthless in our recruitment and are making sure we 're doing that . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Mansfield Town manager Steve Evans has made three additions to his side as the January transfer window opens .
The by-election has been triggered by the death of long-serving Labour MP Michael Meacher . Labour chief whip Rosie Winterton moved the writ in the House of Commons to formally begin the process . Mr Meacher , a former environment minister , held the seat for Labour in May with a 14,738 majority from UKIP in second place .	The Oldham West and Royton by-election will be held on Thursday , 3 December , it has been announced .
So far six bodies have been recovered , and the authorities believe there may be nine more bodies inside the mine . Officials said some of the miners were trapped at a depth of about 17m ( 55 feet ) . The mine collapsed because of flooding , apparently after a power cut shut off pumps to keep out water from a nearby river . The accident happened in Caldas province in north-western Colombia . Leonardo Mejia , the mine owner , told reporters that several miners had managed to escape when they realised something was wrong . The National Mining Agency ( ANM ) said local firefighters reported that gases in the deep , vertical tunnels had contributed to the cave-in . Colombia is a major gold producer but more than half its mines are unregulated .	Rescue workers have begun recovering the bodies of miners trapped in a flooded gold mine in Colombia .
South Wales Police said he was discovered by a dog-walker just after 08:00 GMT on Sunday at Llandaff Fields . A spokesman confirmed four units attended , plus a team of five specialist officers . The death is not being treated as suspicious .	A 32-year-old man has been found dead in a Cardiff park .
Oil shares were helped by rising crude prices , and confidence was boosted by news of a deal over financial assistance for Greece . The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 145.46 points to 17851.51 . The wider S & P 500 index rose 14.48 points to 2090.54 , while the Nasdaq index gained 33.84 to 4894.89 `` The market is embracing the idea that if the Fed moves in June or July , the bull market can continue , so we have an economy that is growing at a modest pace , '' said Alan Skrainka , chief investment officer at Cornerstone Wealth Management . Chevron shares rose 1.6 % and Exxon Mobile was up 0.7 % , as the price of US crude climbed 2.2 % to $ 49.68 a barrel . Shares in Computer Sciences jumped by 42 % after Hewlett Packard Enterprise announced it would merge its IT services business with the company . Hewlett Packard Enterprise shares climbed 6.8 % to $ 17.35 . E-commerce giant Alibaba saw its share price fall 6.8 % after it revealed its accounting practices were under investigation by US regulators .	( Closed ) : US stocks rose for a second day as investors began to take a more positive attitude to a potential rise in US interest rates in June .
It happened at around 01:20 BST on Thursday when a group of men attacked a house in Loughanhill Park . They forced their way into the house after smashing windows . A living room door was also damaged . A woman in her 40s and a teenage boy and girl were in the house at the time .	A 47-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of aggravated burglary in Coleraine , County Londonderry , police have said .
Clerk of the course Gary Thompson confirmed the opening four-lap Supersport race will start at 13:00 BST . However , police said part of the course between Ballacraine and Ballig is currently closed after a tree fell on top of a car . It is not believed anyone in the car was injured . The day 's schedule also includes the first Sidecar race at 14:50 BST and practice sessions for TT Zero , Superstock and Lightweight machines . Most roads around the course will close to traffic at midday . The Mountain Road from Barrule Park , Ramsey to Bungalow will close at 11.15 and Bungalow to Creg Ny Baa at 11:30 . The event 's opening Superbike race was won by Yorkshire racer Ian Hutchinson on Sunday .	The second day of racing at the Isle of Man TT has been delayed because of poor weather on the island .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 13 August 2015 Last updated at 07:14 BST The boy and girl were swimming at Thorpe Marshes Reserve in Trowse at about 16:50 BST on Wednesday when they went missing . They were later found dead . Kerri Howard said she saw people coming out of cars hiding their faces . BBC Look East 's Nikki Fox reports .	An eyewitness at a Norfolk nature reserve where two teenagers died after getting into difficulty in open water said she saw a woman come over a bridge at the site `` screaming '' .
The selection period has now ended . Andrew will be answering : Why ca n't the UK just take over existing trade agreements that the EU has with other countries under grandfather rights ?	We asked you to send in questions about trade and globalisation for BBC Economics correspondent Andrew Walker to investigate .
Sheila Boon , 55 , transferred money from the woman , who was in a nursing home in Bournemouth , to herself . She then claimed her relative had no money and made claims for care costs to the local borough council . Boon , of Weybridge , Surrey , had denied fraud by abuse of position but was found guilty after a three-week trial . She was sentenced at Bournemouth Crown Court on Monday . Boon spent the money on property , travel expenses and tried to buy a car , police said . Det Sgt Paul Smith , of Dorset Police , said the investigation into Boon had been `` protracted and difficult '' due to the fact the victim could not be interviewed `` because of her age and frailties '' . `` The defendant took the decision to secure her inheritance and invested her relative 's money without her consent before it was all spent on care fees , '' he said .	A woman who stole £105,000 from a `` frail '' elderly relative 's care fund and used it to buy property has been jailed for 18 months .
The plans include a new science block to support new research in areas such as genetics , drug discovery , ecology and neuroscience . There will also be more on-campus student accommodation and a `` potential new sports centre '' . Professor Michael Farthing , university vice-chancellor , said it wanted to increase its local and global impact . `` We need to do that through creating more fantastic Sussex students . `` We need to be bigger so that we can compete in terms of research and again we need to be competitive internationally and it will help us have a sustainable financial future and be financially more independent , '' he said . The university said the growth in student numbers would mean more jobs , more custom for local businesses and services , new buildings and services and more link-ups with industry , technology and the creative arts around the world that would bring `` even more business to the university 's neighbours '' . The `` campus masterplan '' is due to be submitted for outline planning permission next month .	The University of Sussex is to undergo a £500m expansion and take on 5,000 more students over the next five years .
The home side were put in to bat at Stormont and lost their first two wickets for only ten runs . McCollum 's influence was immense , hitting 15 boundaries and accumulating more than half the team 's total of 233 . Leinster faced 16 overs before the rain intervened having reached 22 for none by the close . Hanley Energy Irish Interprovincial - Day One Northern Knights 233 ( 85.4 overs ) : J McCollum 119 no , R McKinley 29 , E Richardson 4-33 , P Chase 3-41 , G Delaney 3-48 Leinster Lightning 22 for none ( 8.1 overs )	A brilliant unbeaten innings of 119 by James McCollum rescued Northern Knights on day one of their inter-provincial against Leinster Lightning .
Philippe Douste-Blazy , who previously worked as a cardiologist , assisted the birth alongside a midwife . The baby was born above Algeria around two hours before the plane landed at Charles de Gaulle airport , travelling from Gabon 's capital Libreville . Both mother and baby are said to be doing well . Mr Douste-Blazy was returning from a World Health Organization conference when a flight attendant made an announcement asking if there was a doctor on board . `` A young woman in her twenties who was seven months pregnant was clearly having contractions and her water broke , '' he explained . `` We placed towels and pillows on the floor and delivered there . '' He praised the woman for her courage , saying : `` She suffered a lot and there was not much ( medicine ) on the plane . '' Mr Douste-Blazy served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2005-2007 . He currently works for the UN . In a post on Twitter , Air France joked that being born on one of its flights does not guarantee free flights for life .	A former French minister helped deliver a baby girl when a woman went into labour on an Air France flight to Paris .
Work began on the facility at the University of Wales ' campus in Rhydyfelin last year . But the project , home to the first full-sized indoor 4G pitch in Wales , faced setbacks after `` historic mine workings '' were discovered . Developers Pick Everard said the work would be complete by November . The plans will see a new academic building and training facility , with offices . Rob Cleaver , regional director at Pick Everard , said the discovery of the mines led to extensive investigations and additional ground works to make it suitable for construction works to begin .	A £15m sports park in Pontypridd will open before the end of the year despite delays when a network of mines was discovered .
Louise Hunt said it related to an allegation that security services had some notice of the attack on 21 November 1974 , which killed 21 people . The senior coroner said she was not aware of the material appearing in the public domain before . She concluded today 's hearing saying a final decision will be made on 1 June . More on this and other Birmingham stories Ms Hunt said : `` It 's significant and does raise concerns in relation to potential advanced notice , that 's as much as I can say . '' The Birmingham and Solihull coroner has been hearing an application to resume inquests into the 21 deaths . The bombings in Birmingham city centre also injured 182 people . It is widely acknowledged the IRA orchestrated the attack . Six men were jailed but released in 1991 after their convictions were overturned by the Court of Appeal .	`` Significant '' information has been shared with the senior coroner considering whether the Birmingham pub bombings inquest should reopen .
France 's Etixx-Quick Step rider Julian Alaphilippe , 23 , was the overall winner from BMC 's Rohan Dennis . Team Dimension Data rider Cavendish , 31 , held off Tinkoff 's Peter Sagan to take his first stage victory of the race . `` I 'm happy , '' Cavendish told Eurosport . `` We 've been consistently visible throughout the week . '' Cavendish was part of a group that reeled in an early seven-man breakaway with two kilometres to go on the 138km route . The 2011 Tour de France green jersey winner then emerged from the bunch to finish ahead of Sagan and Katusha 's Alexander Kristoff by a bike length .	Great Britain 's Mark Cavendish won the final stage of the Tour of California in a sprint finish on Sunday .
The 32-year-old has spent his entire career at the Australian Super Rugby franchise , playing 132 times for the club in 10 years . He has won 24 caps for his country , the last of them coming in October 's World Cup final loss to New Zealand . Holmes is the first new signing that Exeter have made for next season . `` We watched a lot of his games for Queensland and the games he featured for Australia in the Rugby World Cup and anyone who looked at Australia 's scrum will see they were one of the most destructive units in the tournament and Greg played a large part in that , '' Exeter boss Rob Baxter said . `` Since then I have looked at a lot of his games and he looks like a guy who has a lot left in the tank and he 's running around playing a lot of good rugby . `` We 're big believers here at the club of developing young English players , but I 've said before part of the way you develop those young players is with the people who they meet and the people they have time with . `` There is no doubt our other front-rowers will benefit from having Greg around , but at the same time he 's very determined to be successful in his own right , '' Baxter added .	Exeter have signed Queensland Reds ' Australia prop Greg Holmes on a two-year contract from the summer of 2016 .
Dave Tarpey put Maidenhead ahead after 25 minutes before doubling the lead seven minutes after half-time . The White Tigers have won just won of their first seven games this season since Lee Hodges took charge of the club for a second time in the summer . The result left Truro , who made the play-offs last season , in 15th place in the table on six points .	Truro City 's poor start to the National League South season continued as they lost 2-0 at leaders Maidenhead United .
Pakistan , who won all nine of their group games , managed 309-1 from their 20 overs with Israr Hassan scoring an unbeaten 143 , including 25 fours . Fellow opener Badar Munir managed 103 off only 43 balls before retiring . Pakistan restricted England to 162-7 - with Matthew Page making 41 - to set up a final against hosts India which takes place on Sunday , again in Bangalore .	England failed to reach the T20 Blind World Cup final following a 147-run defeat by Pakistan in Bangalore .
KERRY 1-13 1-8 DONEGAL MONAGHAN 1-12 2-11 MAYO ROSCOMMON 1-12 0-6 DOWN FERMANAGH 1-17 0-10 LAOIS LONDON 0-11 1-11 ANTRIM Allianz Hurling League WESTMEATH 2-11 0-10 ANTRIM	Allianz Football League
It comes as Cancer Research UK has revealed around 730 people in Wales are diagnosed with malignant melanoma annually . It is the second most common cancer in people aged aged 15 to 34 . Over-65s are around seven times more likely to develop the disease compared with 40 years ago , the charity said . A boom in cheap package holidays in the 1960s is one of the reasons behind the `` worrying rise '' in skin cancers in pensioners , Cancer Research UK suggests .	New figures have shown 130 people die from skin cancer in Wales every year .
The two MLAs left the Ulster Unionist Party over a decision to field a joint by-election candidate with the DUP . The new party is to be officially launched on Thursday when the new name is to be unveiled . But the BBC has discovered that Lagan Valley MLA Basil McCrea has already registered the name as a website . Documents seen by the BBC show that Lagan Valley MLA Mr McCrea registered the name ni21.org . When you go to that internet address , it states that a new party website is launching soon . BBC NI Political Reporter Stephen Walker said : `` The name is presumably a reference to new politics in Northern Ireland in the 21st century . `` Other research by the BBC shows that one of Mr McCrea 's supporters tried to get in contact with the Taiwanese owner of a Twitter account with the same name . '' Mr McCrea would neither confirm nor deny the name and said such talk was speculation . The name and logo of the new party will be unveiled on Thursday .	The new political party formed by former Ulster Unionists Basil McCrea and John McCallister is to be called NI21 , the BBC understands .
Jeffers was on trial with the club last summer but failed to earn a deal . He then joined Chelmsford and scored 21 league goals to help the Clarets to the National League South play-off final . The 25-year-old has previously played in the English Football League for several clubs , including Yeovil , Newport and Peterborough .	National League side Boreham Wood have signed Chelmsford City striker Shaun Jeffers on a one-year contract , with the option of a second year .
Emergency services were called to the scene at Ninewells Hospital at about 10:10 . It is thought the man was injured after falling about three storeys . A spokeswoman for NHS Tayside confirmed there had been `` an incident '' at the hospital , but declined to comment further on grounds of patient confidentiality .	Police are investigating after a man fell from the window of a hospital in Dundee .
Sgt Roy Penry Williams , from Bridgend , was on a mission to bomb the German town of Emden in July 1941 when his plane was shot down in the Netherlands . A service is being held in the country to re-dedicate two new headstones to Sgt Williams and his five crew members . The Ministry of Defence hope to invite his relatives , known to have links to the Llanllyfni area of Gwynedd . The ceremony , organised by the Joint Casualty and Compassionate Centre , will take place in September at the airmen 's burial place at Leeuwarden Cemetery , Netherlands .	A stone will be dedicated to a RAF airman who was killed in World War Two after an appeal to trace his family .
Tony Hughes took the title of Worthing International Birdman after flying just over 106m ( 347ft ) at the two-day event in West Sussex . The annual contest involves people throwing themselves off the town 's pier in machines and various costumes . Mr Hughes was raising money for the Wiltshire Air Ambulance and won Â£10,000 for his leap into the English Channel .	A former world hang-gliding champion has claimed the top prize for launching himself from the end of Worthing Pier .
The pools at La Valette were badly damaged by large granite boulders thrown up to 40ft ( 12m ) by huge waves which battered the coast last February . Deputy Mike O'Hara said it was unclear where the funds would come from and when the pools would reopen . He said the cost of maintaining the pools would also be substantial . The pools are used all year round by swimmers and were built after the loss of beachfront due to the extensive development of St Peter Port Harbour . The ladies ' and children 's pools reopened last year but the men 's and the horseshoe pools still remain closed .	Repairing Guernsey 's storm-damaged Victorian bathing pools could cost up to £200,000 , the culture and leisure minister has said .
Officers were called at 12:35 to Mortonhall Caravan and Camping Park on Frogston Road to a disturbance . Police said inquiries ere ongoing and that they were still at the park . One woman , who wished to remain anonymous , said games machines on the site had been broken into during the `` antisocial behaviour '' .	Police have been at a caravan and camping park in Edinburgh for several hours after trouble broke out among youths in the site 's shop .
This will allow live coverage of sport or other major events using next generation technology . Work on the new BBC building is on track , with construction work expected to be finished next April . The first staff will transfer from the existing Broadcasting House in Llandaff in the autumn of 2019 . The new building is expected to be fully operational in 2020 . It will be the first major BBC site to use the latest IP ( Internet Protocol ) broadcasting technology and it will have virtual reality enabled studios . In total , about 1,200 staff will be based in the new headquarters , including BBC Studios and some staff from S4C . BBC Wales has also announced plans to provide training opportunities to more than 250 people over the next two years , including an additional 20 full-time , paid trainee and apprenticeship placements . The development scheme will focus on attracting people from under-represented communities , putting them through an intensive training programme . An independent report published in 2015 estimated that the BBC Wales relocation to the centre of Cardiff could provide an economic boost of more than £1bn directly and indirectly for the Welsh economy .	BBC Wales ' new broadcast centre in Cardiff 's Central Square will have a fibre optic connection to the Principality Stadium , it has announced .
The 29-year-old Chinese thrashed 1995 Crucible runner-up Nigel Bond 10-2 on Wednesday . Former world semi-finalist Ding was required to qualify at Pond 's Forge after his ranking dropped to 17 . `` It does n't matter who I play , '' he said . `` They do n't want to play me . '' Ding lost only seven frames across his three qualifying matches and will pose a serious threat when paired with a top-16 player in the first round of the tournament , which starts on Saturday . Also through to the main draw are 2002 champion Peter Ebdon , 2006 winner Graeme Dott , two-time finalist Ali Carter and Crucible veteran Alan McManus , who will be making his 20th appearance in Sheffield . Notable casualties of the final qualifying round were 1997 champion Ken Doherty , beaten 10-6 by Ryan Day , and twice-finalist Matthew Stevens , likewise losing 10-6 , to Kyren Wilson .	Former world number one Ding Junhui came through the final round of World Championship qualifying and says he is the player seeds will want to avoid in Thursday 's main draw .
12 May 2016 Last updated at 07:18 BST Poaching is a massive problem in South Africa and the conservationists running the school-trips hope to help stop it by teaching kids to love and respect the animals of their country . But before they can start their adventure , first comes a bit of group chanting . Chanting a message of : respect for each other , their environment and the animals around them . Check out this video !	These inner city kids from South Africa have been take into the bush to connect with animals .
The victims , four women and two men , are yet to be identified . Another person remains missing , local authorities said . Three people were injured in Thursday 's collapse in Los Cristianos . It is not known yet what caused it but residents said they heard a large explosion shortly before the incident . Among the dead are two Spaniards , two Italians , one Moroccan and one Finnish national , according to the EFE news agency , Tenerife is the largest of Spain 's Canary Islands and is a big draw for British holidaymakers .	Six people have now been confirmed dead after a four-storey apartment building collapsed on the popular Spanish island of Tenerife .
Media playback is not supported on this device Bottom side Sunderland were relegated from the Premier League last month . Defoe , 34 , joined Sunderland in January 2015 and signed a contract extension in June under former boss Sam Allardyce . `` I would n't have allowed a clause to be in there but it is and we have to honour the contract , '' said Moyes . `` We hope he stays , the supporters hope he says , but it has to be Jermain 's decision . '' Defoe has scored 15 goals in 35 Premier League appearances this season for the Black Cats . His excellent form earned him a recall to the England squad in March , after a four-year absence from the national side . `` He has got himself back in the England team , and will want to push to get into the World Cup squad , '' Moyes added . `` I would imagine he will be thinking that would be hard to do as a Championship player . ''	Sunderland boss David Moyes says it is `` hard to take '' that Jermain Defoe has a relegation release clause in his contract that will allow the England striker to leave for free this summer .
The all-Premiership tie at Hampden Park will be played on Sunday , 31 January . Championship side Hibernian take on top flight St Johnstone in the other semi-final at Tynecastle Stadium on Saturday , 30 January . Both matches , which have 15:00 GMT kick-off times , will be covered live on BBC Radio Scotland . The television and radio coverage will be streamed on the BBC Sport website , which will also feature highlights of the two matches . Celtic beat Dundee United in last season 's final and overcame Hearts to reach the last four this time . County beat Highland rivals Inverness Caledonian Thistle and St Johnstone came from behind to beat Greenock Morton in the quarter-finals . And Hibs beat Dundee United in their last-eight tie , having taken another Premiership scalp by defeating Aberdeen in the previous round .	BBC Scotland will broadcast live television coverage of the Scottish League Cup semi-final between Ross County and holders Celtic .
21 March 2016 Last updated at 19:10 GMT Those who died when their car entered the water at Buncrana pier on Sunday were the husband , sister , mother and two sons of Louise McGrotty , from Londonderry . They have been named as Sean McGrotty , 49 , his sons Mark , 12 , and Evan , 8 , his mother-in-law Ruth Daniels , 59 and Ruth 's daughter Jodie Lee Daniels , 14 . Frank McGrotty , Sean McGrotty 's brother , told Irish broadcaster RTÃ‰ that the whole family had been left devastated .	Relatives of the victims who lost their lives during a family outing to the Donegal coast have been speaking about the tragedy .
Its Ulster Bank unit has agreed to sell £1.63bn of loans to housebuilder Cairn Homes and an affiliate of global private equity firm Lone Star Funds . The bank will make about £360m from the sale , which is expected to be completed by the end of this year . RBS said the deal was part of its plan to strengthen its capital position and reduce its exposure to risk . Proceeds from the sale of the portfolio will be used for `` general corporate purposes '' . The carrying value of the loans as at the end of last year was about £115m . The loans generated a loss of about £28m over the year . Last week , RBS and Standard Chartered were found to be the weakest of Britain 's seven largest lenders in a Bank of England stress test . The central bank said the two banks did not have enough capital strength . However , as both had taken steps to raise capital , they were not told to come up with a new capital plan . The stress test was carried out to measure whether the UK 's biggest lenders would survive a financial shock .	Royal Bank of Scotland has announced plans to sell off a portfolio of loss-making Irish real estate loans .
However , by early afternoon the bank said the problem had been fixed , and all customers had been refunded . It said an `` incredibly low '' percentage of its customers had suffered from duplicated debit card transactions . It follows a problem with card payments at Asda over the weekend , although that problem too has since been fixed . A spokesperson for Barclays said : `` We detected a small number of duplicated debit card payments this morning . `` We apologise for any inconvenience caused and any affected customers will not be out of pocket . '' Barclays has 15 million card customers in the UK , but it said that `` a fraction of a per cent '' of them had been affected by the problem . The bank added that those affected were in the north of the country , but it could not be more specific .	Thousands of Barclays customers in the north of the UK had payments wrongly taken from their accounts , the bank has admitted .
Detectives carried out the operation in Colindale on Sunday night . The woman , 26 , is being questioned by police . Det Insp Tom McClure said the search was part of the police 's attempts to remove drugs from Northern Ireland 's streets .	A woman has been arrested after police seized suspected herbal cannabis worth an estimated £20,000 during a search in west Belfast .
The company said the move followed a supply and procurement review of its Scottish manufacturing operations . The cuts will mainly affect management roles . Diageo stressed that an ongoing Â£1bn investment programme in Scotland to increase whisky production capacity would not be affected by the restructuring move . In a statement , Diageo said the review had concluded that Diageo 's Scottish manufacturing business was well placed to meet the challenges of an increasingly competitive global environment . But it added : `` To ensure the business in Scotland remains competitive , the review identified opportunities to simplify processes and organisation at local levels which will result in a proposed reduction of around 80 roles across Diageo 's 50 sites in Scotland . `` The reduction will primarily be in management roles and will be spread across a number of sites . `` This change will be managed through a phased process in consultation with employees and implemented over the next financial year until June 2014 . `` Diageo will seek wherever possible to minimise the impact of any change . '' Last year the company announced it would invest Â£1bn in Scotch whisky production over the next five years . The investment plans include a new distillery in Speyside or the Highlands and new warehouses to store the Scotch .	Drinks giant Diageo has announced plans to shed about 80 jobs across a number of its sites in Scotland .
29 August 2015 Last updated at 12:16 BST The isolation experiment , which will last a year starting on Friday , will be the longest of its type attempted . The experiment is intended to help Nasa prepare for a possible human mission to the Red Planet . The six-strong team will live in close quarters under the dome , without fresh air , fresh food or privacy .	A team of Nasa recruits has begun living in a dome near an old volcano in Hawaii to mimic what life would be like on Mars .
Willett , 29 , apologised before the tournament for an article his brother Peter wrote about the American crowds . During the event players called for rowdy fans to be ejected , with Willett then saying his brother had been right . `` I do n't think that 's our sport , that 's not what we play for , that 's not what we do , '' he told Sky Sports . Willett , who failed to win a point on his Ryder Cup debut , said the abuse came from a `` massively tiny proportion '' of the huge crowds in Minnesota . `` You 've got 150-200,000 fans there that love watching golf , '' added the Masters champion . `` Unfortunately , you 've got the odd one or two that do n't actually go there to watch the golf , which is a shame . `` I do n't think you should be walking around playing golf while people are saying things to your parents and saying things to your wife . `` Unfortunately that happened and unfortunately it put a little bit of a downer on what was supposed to be my first really good experience of the Ryder Cup . '' We 've launched a new BBC Sport newsletter , bringing all the best stories , features and video right to your inbox . You can sign up here .	Danny Willett says his parents and wife received abuse from fans during Europe 's Ryder Cup defeat by the United States at Hazeltine last week .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 3 June 2015 Last updated at 11:00 BST It has been out of operation for two years while the massive machine was upgraded . This animation comes courtesy of Cern , the European nuclear research organisation that runs the LHC . It shows `` bunches '' of protons circulating in the collider 's 27km main ring and colliding within its four big experiments - Alice , LHCb , CMS and Atlas .	The Large Hadron Collider is again smashing protons , now at record new energies , and delivering data to physicists .
The vehicle was targeted between 21:30 BST on Monday and 04:45 on Tuesday in Hebden Bridge , West Yorkshire . Insp John Simpson said while some `` might find this funny '' the vehicle would `` be off the road whilst it is repaired at a cost '' . He added : `` It is a specialist vehicle used to access the more rural areas of Calderdale and as such is an essential vehicle for the local communities . '' The force said it did not have a dedicated car park for police vehicles in the town , adding that the Land Rover had been parked in the location at other times without incident .	A police Land Rover has been spray-painted silver by vandals .
Donal Ó Coisdealbha from Killester , north Dublin was arrested on explosive charges in the run-up to the visit of Prince Charles to Ireland in 2015 . Ó Coisdealbha admitted to the Dublin 's Special Criminal Court that he was a dissident republican . He was arrested during a Garda operation when explosive devices , improvised rockets , detonators , timing units and Semtex were discovered . It was six days before the visit of Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall to the west of Ireland in May 2015 . O'Coisdealbha had been under audio and visual surveillance for five months and was seen meeting convicted republicans in a pub near Dublin airport and in the city centre . He was also seen acting suspiciously at the back of Glasnevin Cemetery in north Dublin . Gardaí ( Irish police ) believe an attack had been planned to coincide with the royal visit .	A 25-year-old dissident republican has been jailed in Dublin for five years .
The jogger was struck as he ran along the A51 Tamedrive , in Tamworth , Staffordshire , on Friday morning . He was pronounced dead at the scene . The driver of the car involved , a grey Audi , was uninjured . The road was closed , between the Bolebridge Island to Lichfield Street , during the morning for investigation work . Police would like any witnesses to contact them . More on this and other news from Staffordshire	A man out running has died after being hit by a car .
Ramush Haradinaj served as a rebel commander in the 1998-1999 Kosovo conflict , which eventually led to the Kosovo declaring independence . He twice faced war crimes charges at the UN , but was acquitted both times . Kosovo 's foreign ministry said his arrest was unacceptable , and that it was working to secure his release . Mr Haradinaj , now an opposition leader in Kosovo , was arrested by police at Basel Mulhouse Freiburg airport in eastern France . Authorities said they were acting on an arrest warrant from Serbia . Mr Haradinaj was briefly detained by Slovenian police in 2015 but soon released . He was a commander in the Kosovo Liberation Army during the 1990s conflict , and Serbia alleges he oversaw a campaign of torture and murder against ethnic Serbs . He has consistently denied the allegations , and stepped down as prime minister after just 100 days to face the charges . The judge at his most recent trial in 2012 said there was no evidence to support the claims . Kosovo declared independence from Serbia in 2008 , but its status is not recognised by Serbia .	French police have arrested the former prime minister of Kosovo based on a Serbian arrest warrant for alleged war crimes .
It happened on the hill section between Greencastle and Sandyknowes shortly before 06:00 BST . Police said they are investigating the circumstances and want to hear from witnesses . The motorway was closed between the Greencastle and Sandyknowes offslips , but has since reopened .	Police have appealed for information after a woman died in a collision with a bus on the M2 on Tuesday morning .
Stokes , 27 , spent the latter part of last season on loan at Hibernian , scoring twice in May 's Scottish Cup final victory against Rangers . He leaves Celtic Park having scored 77 goals in 192 games , and helped them win four titles and two Scottish Cups . The Republic of Ireland forward had previously been linked with Rotherham . He began his career at Arsenal , and spent time at Falkirk , Sunderland and Hibs before the move to Celtic in 2010 . His decision to join Rovers followed a meeting with new manager Owen Coyle . `` I get a feeling for moves a lot of the time and there were different options available , but this time round this seemed like the right move for me , '' he told the club website . `` He had only positive things to say about me and I 'm just looking forward to bedding in , getting a good pre-season under my belt and the start of the season . `` For myself , having a manager that believes in me gives me a lot of confidence and as a striker you need that , but it 's going to be down to how I perform . ''	Blackburn Rovers have signed free agent striker Anthony Stokes on a three-year deal , following his departure from Scottish champions Celtic .
Dr McDonnell 's letter is further evidence of his growing interest in the post . It follows an announcement by the SDLP deputy leader Patsy McGlone that he is going to challenge leader Margaret Ritchie in November . Dr McDonnell refused to comment on his letter . The BBC understands that it was sent out in the past 24 hours to around 60 people who chair the party 's branches . Dr McDonnell contested the leadership in 2010 , but was narrowly defeated by Margaret Ritchie . Earlier this month Mr McGlone confirmed he 'll seek the party leadership this autumn . Around the time , Ms Ritchie made clear her firm intention to run . On Thursday night she met with elected representatives at a Belfast hotel to discuss how the party can reverse its difficult financial position . Dr McDonnell was present at the meeting . Mr McGlone was on holiday . Five branch nominations are required to contest the leadership . Just under 350 delegates are eligible to vote in a ballot , which would be held at the annual conference in November .	SDLP MP Alasdair McDonnell has written to the party 's branch chairmen inviting them to nominate him for the leadership in the event of a contest .
James Rawlings , born at Ipswich Hospital , was just 18 days old when he died at home in May last year . An inquest in Ipswich heard that despite the concerns of a midwife and the mother Jo Rawlings , Dr Lovelina Das delayed a Caesarean delivery . The hearing was told that Dr Das no longer worked at the hospital . The hospital trust said it had been unable to contact Dr Das , who is believed to be working abroad . The trust admitted that if James had been delivered earlier , he would probably have survived . Mrs Rawlings praised the midwife for her support . Greater Suffolk coroner Peter Dean concluded that James died from a lack of oxygen and sepsis . `` The evidence shows that had James been delivered earlier he would not have died on May 16 , '' said Dr Dean Mr and Mrs Rawlings now have a new eight-week-old son called Joshua .	A hospital has admitted a breach of duty following the death of a newborn baby as a result of delays to his mother having a Caesarean .
The claim was made by an Irish emigrant , now aged 69 , who gave evidence to the inquiry via video-link from Australia . The inquiry is examining abuse claims at Nazareth House and Nazareth Lodge . The homes were run by the Sisters of Nazareth , who have made an apology to all in their care . The pensioner , who broke down and cried during part of his testimony , said children at Nazareth Lodge were called `` sons of whores '' . He explained that he did not understand what the term meant , `` except that it was obviously bad and meant we were all very bad children '' . The witness , who is still trying to trace his mother , described how a visitor once asked him if he liked living in the home . `` I told her we were treated like slaves , '' he said . The inquiry also heard how he was sexually abused by older boys at the home . He said : `` Disgusting things were done to me that I do n't want to talk about . '' Concluding his testimony , the elderly witness rejected an apology from the Sisters of Nazareth . He said it was `` too late '' for the children who were abused in `` their cruel and brutal regime '' .	The Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry has been told children were taunted by some nuns and treated `` like slaves '' at a Belfast children 's home .
The 24-year-old has made 14 appearances for the Latics since moving to the DW Stadium from fellow Championship club Wolves in August . The former Tottenham and Swindon player is Addicks boss Karl Robinson 's fourth signing of the transfer window . `` Nathan can be phenomenal going forward , is very quick and will add energy to the squad , '' Robinson said . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .	League One side Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan winger Nathan Byrne on loan until the end of the season .
The 27-year-old was killed when his car collided with a pick-up truck in Ontario , local media reports say . Mr Anker , who was born in Essex , moved to Canada last year and married his girlfriend , Cyndi . The group said in a Twitter post that he `` inspired so many with his talent and was taken far too soon '' .	Robert Anker , a former member of dance group Diversity , who won Britain 's Got Talent in 2009 , has died in a car crash in Canada .
Tory David Melding , who was deputy to Dame Rosemary Butler , said he was `` at my best as one of life 's lieutenants '' . Dame Rosemary stepped down as presiding officer and an AM at the election after five years in the post . A new presiding officer and deputy will be chosen by the new assembly at its first meeting , expected to be on Wednesday . `` After much soul searching I have come to realise that I am at my best as one of life 's lieutenants , '' the South Wales Central AM said on Monday . `` For this reason I do not believe that I am the right person to lead the National Assembly through its next stage of development . `` I am very grateful to family , friends and colleagues who have given me such generous support and provided me the space to make this decision . `` Consequently , I will not seek nomination to become the assembly 's presiding officer . `` I look forward to making a full contribution to the work of the fifth Assembly and in particular initiatives to strengthen Welsh democracy and the efficiency of public services , '' Mr Melding added .	A front-runner for the post of presiding officer of the Welsh Assembly has said he does not want the job .
Cockerill , 46 , was sacked by Tigers on Monday after nearly eight years in charge of the Premiership club . He will work under ex-Bath head coach Mike Ford , who took over at three-time European Champions Toulon in October . Leicester won three Premiership titles under Cockerill , and finished runners-up on two other occasions .	Former Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill has joined French side Toulon as a rugby consultant until the end of the Top 14 season in May .
An investigation into The Rising Moon on New Road , Porthcawl , was launched by Bridgend county council after a zero hygiene rating sticker was not displayed . Owner Na Shi pleaded guilty at Bridgend Magistrates Court to 12 food hygiene offences , from March 2015 . The court was told the hygiene rating has since risen to two out of a possible five . Officers visited after Mr Shi failed to display a zero rating sticker that showed urgent improvements were required . Problems included cooked pork defrosting in dirty warm water that was heavily contaminated with food debris and grease , while staff were using dirty scourers . Cooked rice was also being kept in dirty food containers , with `` a multitude '' of food hygiene failings which posed a `` serious risk of food poisoning '' . Mr Shi was fined £1,800 , with costs and fees taking the total to £4,724 . Councillor Charles Smith said : `` What makes this case particularly concerning is the fact that officers visited twice within 48 hours yet the owner failed to act on the advice given to improve the hygiene of his premises . ''	A takeaway owner whose food posed a poisoning risk must pay £5,000 .
Walter Groom and another man became the only two inmates to escape from HMP Shrewsbury when they broke out in 1961 . Mr Groom , who was serving time for breaking into shops , said the pair went down a manhole and tunnel before making `` a human ladder '' to scale the wall . The 81-year-old told his story visitors to the former jail , known as the Dana , during a history day . HMP Shrewsbury dates from the 19th Century and closed in 2013 . Mr Groom , of Bilston , said the plan was hatched after he was approached by the other man `` who was desperate to get out '' . They planned the escape for 16 days after realising a manhole led into the prison yard , but they were both recaptured six days later . Mr Groom , whose wife Barbara has written a book about his experiences , said he later put his criminal past behind him . `` I wanted to make a new life for myself - I always wanted to do that and I succeeded in the end . It was hard ... but I did it . ''	An ex-prisoner has returned as a tour guide to the high-security jail he escaped from 56 years ago .
Darren Cooper posted the picture of Darryl Magher on his @ sandwellleader profile . Twitter suspended the account but it had been reinstated by 15:30 GMT . Mr Magher said the Labour leader and Smethwick councillor had posted the image in a bid to suppress him and stop him asking difficult questions . `` He does not like being challenged and held to account , '' said Mr Magher , who runs a Facebook page about the Yew Tree area of Sandwell . But Mr Cooper said the image concerned was already in the public domain . He said he had been a victim of trolling and said the complaint was part of a campaign of harassment mounted against him . Asked on BBC WM if he had done anything wrong , he said : `` I do n't think so . I try to stay within the realms of decency and modesty . `` People have a go at you , usually political opponents , and sometimes you have a go back , but I 'm not aware of anything I have done that would breach Twitter rules . '' Twitter said they did not comment on individual accounts for privacy and security reasons . It referred the BBC to the website 's rules .	The leader of Sandwell Council 's Twitter account was temporarily suspended amid claims he had posted a private image of a community activist .
Motorists called 999 after spotting the HGV driving north on the southbound carriageway at 01.30 GMT . The vehicle performed three u-turns including one at the toll booths before it was stopped on the slip road , the Central Motorway Police Group said . The incident happened between junction T4 , Shenstone , and Weeford Plaza . The driver has been arrested . Latest on this , plus more Staffordshire stories	A lorry travelled the wrong way on the M6 Toll motorway and performed three u-turns before being stopped by police .
Panthers beat hosts Ritten 4-1 on Sunday to become the first British team to claim a major European title . The previous best showing by a British side in Europe 's second-tier event was Sheffield 's third-place finish in 2010 . `` I just feel like as a club we 've really been trendsetters and now this is the next stage , '' Neilson said . `` It 's just such a special thing to be able to compete on the international stage and show not only how good the Nottingham Panthers are , but how far the league has come . '' Nottingham , currently fourth in the Elite League , have now qualified for next season 's Champions Hockey League , the top ice hockey competition in Europe . They have also won one league title , six Challenge Cups and four play-off titles under Neilson , who took over from Mike Ellis in 2008 . `` What we 've built is a championship machine really and we continue to do it time after time , '' he told BBC Radio Nottingham . `` It 's credit to not only what I 'm doing but the players and the staff , and the organisation continues to make steps to get better . `` When there 's an area lacking , I 'm always given support to bring in people and it 's really been a great time here , a privilege . ''	Nottingham Panthers head coach Corey Neilson says his side 's European Continental Cup win shows the progress Elite League ice hockey has made .
The 25-year-old , who began his career at West Ham before spells at Oxford , Aldershot Town and Woking , has signed a two-year deal with the Reds . `` Josh is a combative , energetic midfielder , '' head coach Dermot Drummy told the club website . `` I know how keen he is to embrace a new challenge back in the Football League here at Crawley . '' Payne is the League Two club 's fourth signing of the summer , following the arrivals of Jason Banton , Enzio Boldewijn and Glenn Morris . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Crawley Town have signed midfielder Josh Payne following his departure from National League side Eastleigh .
Police are appealing for witnesses after the incident near Cramond Bridge at about 03:15 . Officers said the man was understood to have been walking on the northbound carriageway when he was struck by a blue Volkswagen Touran . He was taken by ambulance to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh .	A 50-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the carriageway of the A90 north of Edinburgh in the early hours .
Powerhouse Fitness , which has nine stores across the UK , was acquired by Germany-based Sport-Tiedje Group for an undisclosed sum . Sport-Tiedje currently runs 30 home fitness equipment stores in Germany , Austria , Switzerland , Belgium , the Netherlands and Denmark . The company said it would retain the Powerhouse brand name and staff . Powerhouse Fitness , which is the trading name of Laidir Leisure Ltd , was founded by David Webster in 1980 and opened its first store in Glasgow in 1987 . It now has outlets in London , Glasgow , Nottingham , Aberdeen , Edinburgh , Newcastle and Leeds . In the financial year to June , the company had a turnover of Â£22m . Sport-Tiedje chief executive Christian Grau said : `` Our company philosophy is to offer our customers the best product for them with the best service and at the best price-performance ratio and we will continue to do this in the UK . ''	A Glasgow-based fitness equipment supplier has been bought by one of Europe 's biggest specialist retailers .
Mike Hopkins , 56 , who returned home safely on Saturday , had reached Camp 1 when the 7.8 magnitude tremor struck . It sparked a devastating avalanche on a section of the mountain he had been due to climb . `` A day in a different place and it could have been us , sometimes that 's how luck goes '' he said . Mr Hopkins was with with a group of nine other climbers and Sherpas on the north side of Everest . Describing the moment the earthquake hit , he said : `` We were all sitting in the tent and all of a sudden the whole thing was moving . `` It was a weird sensation , I have never come across anything like it in my life . `` We were told to evacuate and as we were evacuating we were coming down the mountain getting aftershocks . `` Big rocks were coming down either side of us . We had to keep moving really , really quick . '' The death toll has risen to over 7,000 since the earthquake and the Nepalese authorities have ruled out finding more survivors .	A climber from Cardiff who survived the Nepal earthquake while 23,000ft up Mount Everest has said he is lucky to be alive .
Media playback is not supported on this device Unbeaten Frampton is aiming to become the first Northern Ireland boxer to win world titles at different weights . The 29-year-old Belfast man had to relinquish his IBF super-bantamweight belt before the fight . `` The Mexican fans are getting worried now it is getting closer , '' said Frampton in New York . Frampton was also stripped of the WBA crown because he did not agree to a defence against mandatory challenger , Cuba 's Guillermo Rigondeaux . The last time Frampton fought in the United States , he recovered from being knocked down twice in the opening round to retain his IBF super-bantamweight title with victory over Alejandro Gonzalez Jr in Texas . `` I feel good . It does not feel like I am the away fighter . I am expecting it to be noisy on the night , '' Frampton , who has won all 22 of his professional fights , told BBC Radio 5 live . `` You will see the best performance yet from me . I am full of energy . I will refuel and then come back a bigger man than Santa Cruz on the night . I will be stronger than him and will do the business . ''	Carl Frampton says `` people will be in for a shock '' when he fights champion Leo Santa Cruz for the WBA featherweight title on Saturday .
The 29-year-old former world number one was given a two-year ban in March after testing positive for meldonium . Her suspension was then reduced in October following an appeal . The tournament in Germany starts two days before the Russian 's suspension runs out and she will not be allowed to attend until the day of her match . Sharapova , whose main sponsor is Porsche , will return to tennis without a ranking and needs a wild card to enter the tournament . `` I could not be happier to have my first match back on tour at one of my favourite tournaments , '' she said . `` I ca n't wait to see all my great fans and to be back doing what I love . '' The five-time Grand Slam champion won the Stuttgart title for three years in a row from 2012 to 2014 . She last played a professional tournament at the Australian Open 12 months ago , where she failed the doping test . Sharapova was a long-time user of meldonium and says she was unaware it had been added to the banned list at the start of 2016 . She has already taken part in two exhibition events since her ban was reduced by the Court of Arbitration for Sport .	Maria Sharapova will make her professional comeback at the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart on 26 April after her 15-month doping suspension .
Brayden Dillon was sleeping on Good Friday in April when a masked gunman entered his family 's Sydney home and shot him in the head , police said . On Monday , heavily armed officers arrested a 26-year-old man and charged him with murder . It came hours after police released images of a car being driven in the area around the time of the shooting . In April , police said the gunman had threatened Brayden 's mother before entering his room and shooting him at close range . His stepfather and young step-siblings were also in the house at the time . `` Brayden 's murder was particularly callous , '' Detective Chief Inspector Mark Henney said on Monday . He would have celebrated his 16th birthday on Wednesday , police said . The man will appear in a Sydney court on Tuesday . Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning	An Australian man has been charged with the `` execution-style '' killing of a 15-year-old boy who was shot in his bed .
The Antrim player moved into a 3-1 lead at the Motorpoint Arena on Thursday but Englishman Hawkins fought back to win the next two frames . Allen prevailed in the deciding frame and the world number nine will meet Michael White on Friday night . The Welsh player beat former John Higgins 4-1 in the fourth round . Allen hit two centuries as he defeated Ryan Day 4-1 on Wednesday to set up a last-16 encounter with Hawkins .	Mark Allen held his nerve in a final frame decider to beat Barry Hawkins 4-3 and progress to the Welsh Open quarter-finals in Cardiff .
Emergency services were called to the scene on Abernethy Road , near Newburgh , just before 07:00 . The driver of a Volkswagen Golf was seriously injured and later died . Two men in a Toyota Hilux were taken to Perth Royal Infirmary . The road is currently closed and police are appealing for witnesses to come forward .	A man has died and two others have been taken to hospital following a two-car crash in Fife .
The two bodies were discovered at a property in Rosefield Street in the city 's west end . A Police Scotland spokeswoman said the deaths were being treated as unexplained . The property has been sealed off by police while officers investigate .	Police are investigating the deaths of a man and woman at a tenement in Dundee .
Edjenguele , 29 , joins from Veria in Greece while Van der Struijk , 31 , was at Willem II in his homeland last term . `` We had to be patient with both these signings , '' manager Ray McKinnon told Dundee United 's website . `` We worked on these deals for a good few weeks and I am delighted to get them on board . '' United have taken five points from their four Scottish Championship matches this season , are through to the quarter-finals of the League Cup and host Peterhead in the Challenge Cup on Saturday . Van der Struijk has spent his club career so far in the Netherlands while Edjenguele has played in England , France and Switzerland . Both have made over 200 senior appearances . `` They will add experience and quality to our squad in an area I have been looking to strengthen . Both will play a part in Saturday 's game versus Peterhead , '' added McKinnon . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Dundee United have signed Dutch defenders William Edjenguele and Frank van der Struijk on one-year contracts , subject to clearance .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 31-year-old Ulster player had hoped to return early this year after he was injured during Ireland 's World Cup quarter-final defeat by Argentina . `` Unfortunately it 's a slow process and to rule yourself out of the Six Nations is disappointing , '' said Bowe . Bowe , capped 67 times , expects to return for Ulster later this season . Ireland begin their Six Nations campaign against Wales in Dublin on 7 February . Bowe said in November that , although he needed surgery , the injury was not as bad as he initially feared . But speaking on Tuesday , he said : `` I have to concentrate on getting myself back to where I was and there 's no point in rushing it . `` To be back by the start of February is unlikely but I 'm still pretty positive I can add something to Ulster 's season . ''	Ireland winger Tommy Bowe will miss this year 's Six Nations as he continues his recovery from a cruciate knee ligament injury .
Chelsea will begin their title defence at home to Burnley on the weekend of 12-13 August . Follow the links below for your team 's fixtures in full . Arsenal Bournemouth Brighton and Hove Albion Burnley Chelsea Crystal Palace Everton Huddersfield Town Leicester City Liverpool Manchester City Manchester United Newcastle United Southampton Stoke City Swansea City Tottenham Hotspur Watford West Bromwich Albion West Ham United	The Premier League fixtures for 2017-18 have been released .
Ryan Hardie and Craig Barr went close for the visitors in the first half . However , Aidan Connolly struck from close range for Raith early in the second period . Livi , who will face a play-off against Stranraer to preserve their Championship status , could not find an equaliser .	Raith Rovers warmed up for their Premiership play-off quarter-final against Hibernian with victory over Livingston .
The 22-year-old has agreed a two-year deal at Kenilworth Road , with an option for a further 12 months . Cornick made his sole first-team appearance for the Cherries in an FA Cup tie against Rotherham in 2015 . `` He is committed to playing . He 's not prepared just to stay in the comfort zone at Bournemouth , '' Luton boss Nathan Jones told the club website . `` He 's turned down higher league clubs than us to come here because he sees what we are trying to do . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Luton Town have signed forward Harry Cornick from Premier League club Bournemouth for an undisclosed fee .
Following Saturday 's 4-0 home defeat against Bournemouth , Robins , 44 , met with the board and it was agreed he would leave his post . A club statement read : `` Mark and the directors all agreed it would be in the interests of all parties to part company . '' Former Coventry boss Robins took over from Simon Grayson in February 2013 . He helped the Terriers avoid relegation in his first season and guided the club to a 17th-place finish last term . However , the club won just two of their last 13 league games in a 2013-14 campaign that finished with a total of 23 defeats . Following Saturday 's loss at the John Smith 's Stadium , the former Rotherham and Barnsley boss was jeered by the fans . Huddersfield chairman Dean Hoyle commented : `` Mark has put his all into the job over the past 16 months and has made a big contribution to the club . '' Assistant manager Steve Thompson will take charge of the team during Sunday 's training session , along with first-team coach Steve Eyre . Thompson , 49 , joined Huddersfield from Blackpool in June this year and Eyre was promoted the same month following a shake-up of Robins ' backroom staff in May .	Huddersfield Town have parted company with manager Mark Robins after just one game of the Championship season .
The incident happened outside Dornoch Academy at about 15:40 on Friday . The boy was airlifted to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness before being transferred to an Edinburgh hospital . The road outside the school was closed for about five hours while an investigation was carried out . Anyone with information about the accident should contact police .	A nine-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being hit by a car outside a school in the Highlands .
Members of the Rail , Maritime and Transport union employed by Servest UK began the industrial action at 06:00 GMT . The union claims agency workers should be made permanent GWR staff and that there is currently a `` two tier '' system . GWR said it was aware of the strike and that rail services were expected to run as scheduled . The dispute involves almost 200 workers who also walked out on 16 December . Mick Cash , RMT general secretary , said the cleaners were being `` mercilessly exploited by privateers '' . He added : `` GWR and Servest UK can bring an immediate resolution to this dispute by addressing the issues over pay and other grievances . '' The union said 98 % of its 189 members who took part in the ballot voted in favour of strike action . Turnout was 58 % .	A second 24-hour strike by contract cleaners on the Great Western Railway is under way .
The visitors batted first but struggled against seamers Anya Shrubsole ( 3-27 ) and Katherine Brunt ( 2-44 ) and were bowled out for 155 at Chesterfield . England passed the target for the loss of two wickets with nearly 20 overs to spare , but batted on for the full 50 overs to reach 348-5 . Knight reached her century while Taylor fell for 86 . Even with the game long over as a contest , it will have suited the England duo to gain batting practice at Queen 's Park as Knight has just returned to action after five weeks out with a stress fracture of the foot , while Taylor is returning to international cricket after taking a year 's break to deal with anxiety issues . England have one more warm-up , against New Zealand in Derby on Wednesday , before Saturday 's World Cup opener against India at the same venue . In Monday 's other warm-up game , New Zealand bowled India out for 130 before cruising to a seven-wicket win thanks to 52 from opener Rachel Priest .	England captain Heather Knight and wicketkeeper Sarah Taylor enjoyed valuable time in the middle as their World Cup preparations continued with a comfortable warm-up win over Sri Lanka .
An icebreaker carved a channel through the ice for the Northern Fleet flotilla , Interfax news agency said . Besides Sredniy , five island bases are being built by 1,500 workers - at Alexandra Land , Rogachevo , Cape Schmidt , Wrangel and Kotelny . Russia sees the Arctic as a strategic priority in its new naval doctrine . The fleet 's vice-admiral , Viktor Sokolov , inspected the construction site on Sredniy , flying there by military helicopter when the flotilla reached the Kara Sea . During the Cold War the USSR tested nuclear weapons in the area . Russia says it is bolstering its forces in the Arctic in response to Nato expansion up to Russia 's borders . Experts say the melting of Arctic sea ice - generally attributed to climate change - is making the polar seas more accessible for shipping . That could make it easier to prospect for untapped energy and minerals in the region .	Russia has sent warships to an Arctic region where new naval infrastructure is being built , including an air defence base on Sredniy Island .
A spokeswoman for the Schlitterbahn Water Park in Kansas City said it was saddened by the death and the park had been closed pending an investigation . The incident happened on Sunday on the Verrueckt ride , which drops users almost 169 feet ( 52 metres ) at 65mph ( 105kph ) in a three-person raft . No details were immediately given about the circumstances of the incident . However , Kansas police have said it is being treated as an accident . `` We honestly do n't know what 's happened , '' Schlitterbahn spokeswoman Winter Prosapio said . `` That 's why a full investigation is necessary . We have to understand what 's happened . '' The boy was identified by his family as Caleb Schwab , the son of a state politician , Scott Schwab . The park 's website says all users of the Verrueckt must be at least 54in ( 1.37 metres ) tall and the combined weight of people in the raft must be between 400 and 550 pounds ( 181-249kg ) .	A 10-year-old boy has died on a waterslide , billed as the world 's biggest , in the US state of Kansas .
The guests were about to enjoy their meal at Ben and Kim Bradshaw 's wedding when the Humber Coastguard requested assistance at 15:25 BST on Saturday . Three Cullercoats crew members left the reception at the Grand Hotel in Tynemouth to help the stricken boat two miles from St Mary 's Lighthouse . The rescue meant the groom had 90 extra minutes of nerves before his speech . The vessel was drifting without power because of mechanical and electric failure and was towed back to the marina in the River Tyne . The crew arrived some 90 minutes later to a round of applause from the wedding party . Mr Bradshaw , said : `` We had a wonderful day , but unfortunately the pagers went off right as the guests were about to eat . `` The three crew who left did n't hesitate to go and help in rescuing the people on that boat . `` We waited until they got back for the speeches , so I had another 90 minutes of nerves to wait before I could finally get it over with , but I 'm glad they made it back in time to enjoy the rest of the reception . ''	The wedding of an RNLI helmsman was interrupted when a lifeboat crew was called out to a rescue .
The 24-year-old spent last season on loan at Eintracht Frankfurt , where he made 11 appearances . He was suspended by the German club in May when he suffered an infection after getting a tattoo against orders . Varela became the first player to sign under David Moyes ' reign at Old Trafford , when he joined on a five-year deal in 2013 . He went on loan to Real Madrid Castilla in Spain the following summer , having failed to make an appearance for United . On his return , in 2015-16 , he featured just four times in the Premier League . He scored an injury-time winner to help United clinch the Under-21 Premier League title in April 2016 .	Uruguayan defender Guillermo Varela has left Manchester United to return to his home-town club Penarol .
The bus carrying 50 passengers was ambushed close to the Rafah border crossing with Gaza on Wednesday night . Hamas has called on Egypt to secure the members ' release . Relations between the militant group and Egypt have been strained since Islamist President Mohammed Morsi was ousted from power two years ago . Hamas is an offshoot of Mr Morsi 's Muslim Brotherhood - which is now banned in Egypt . An Egyptian security official said four unknown men fired at the bus forcing it to stop . The driver was assaulted and the Hamas members captured after their identity documents were checked . The bus was being escorted by Egyptian soldiers at the time , according to Hamas . `` The graveness of such an incident was that it was the first of its kind and it breaks all diplomatic and security norms , '' the group said in a statement . The road from the Rafah border crossing runs through northern Sinai . The most active militant group in the area is an affiliate of the so-called Islamic State . Egypt has previously accused Hamas of supporting militants in the Sinai desert , who seek to topple the Cairo government . Hamas has denied that allegation . Israel , the US and several other nations have designated the group as a terrorist organisation over its long record of attacks on Israel and its refusal to renounce violence .	Masked gunmen have seized four members of the Palestinian Islamic group Hamas from a bus travelling to Cairo from the Gaza Strip , officials have said .
John Stingemore , 72 , was found at his home in Stonehouse Drive , St Leonards-on-Sea , East Sussex , on Wednesday . Mr Stingemore was due to stand trial at Southwark Crown court over 12 charges , which included indecent assault . He had denied the charges . Seven youngsters were allegedly abused at Grafton Close Children 's Home in Hanworth in the 1970s and 1980s . Mr Stingemore had previously suffered a number of strokes and police were called to his home after concerns about his health . Officers found him collapsed at the property and he was declared dead at the scene . Sussex Police said his death was not suspicious . A post-mortem examination has yet to take place . His co-defendant Father Tony McSweeney , 66 , of Pease Pottage , West Sussex , pleaded not guilty to similar charges in November . Fr McSweeney was a Catholic priest in Norfolk . Both men were due to stand trial on 2 February .	A former children 's home manager who was due to face trial for sex abuse charges has been found dead .
The money from the Department for Education is in addition to £27m already allocated for 2015-17 . The council has seen a `` significant increase '' in the demand for primary school places . About 15,000 extra primary school places will be needed over the next five years , the council said . Conservative councillor Roger Gough , KCC 's cabinet member for education , said : `` For the next few years the pressure will be predominantly for primary school places , but the need for extra secondary school places will then start to come through . '' Seven new primary schools are being built at Knights Park in Tunbridge Wells , Kings Hill , Leybourne Chase and Holborough Quarry - all in Tonbridge and Malling ; and East Folkestone Primary in Shepway , and Thistle Hill Primary , in Swale . Tunstall Primary , in Swale , is being relocated and expanded .	An extra £92m has been awarded to Kent County Council ( KCC ) to help it meet the need for more school places over the next three years .
Media playback is not supported on this device The broadcast from the Ballymena Showgrounds will be presented by Stephen Watson , who will be joined on the sideline by David Jeffrey . Commentary team will be Thomas Kane and Chris Morgan . The broadcast , which begins at 17:15 BST , will include highlights of the opening semi-final between Linfield and Dungannon Swifts . Both games will also be broadcast live on BBC Radio Ulster .	Saturday 's Irish Cup semi-final between Coleraine and Glenavon will be live on Facebook and the BBC Sport NI website .
The man was recovered unconscious from the water at Porthkerris , near St Keverne , and airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro , where he was later pronounced dead . Two other divers were taken to Plymouth for specialist recompression treatment after a rapid ascent in the sea on Saturday . The victim is believed to be a 67-year-old from Brentwood , Essex . More on the diving accident , plus other Devon and Cornwall news Divers can suffer decompression sickness - commonly known as `` the bends '' - if they surface too quickly allowing nitrogen bubbles to form in the blood . The Health and Safety Executive has been informed . Formal identification has not yet been carried out but Devon and Cornwall Police said the dead man 's next of kin has been informed . A police spokesperson said enquiries were ongoing to establish the circumstances , but the death was not thought to be suspicious .	A man has died following a diving accident off the coast of Cornwall .
A 22-year-old woman is also in a critical condition at the Queen 's Medical Centre in Nottingham after the single-vehicle crash on the Kilbourne Road in Belper . A police spokesman said : `` A blue Fiat Panda was involved in a collision and two people received fatal injuries . '' The two victims died at the scene at about 01:25 BST . `` Kilbourne Road has now reopened and anyone with information on the collision or who has dash-cam footage is asked to contact us , '' the spokesman added . Tom Reith , who lives on Kilbourne Road , said he was woken up by the accident and saw the wreckage . He said : `` It was horrendous , terrible . Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family . ''	A six-year-old girl and a 28-year-old man have died in a car crash in Derbyshire .
David Craig Ellis , 40 , appeared at Swansea Magistrates ' Court on Friday , accused of killing Alec Warburton between 30 July and 7 August . Mr Warburton , 59 , went missing from his home in Vivian Road , Sketty , on 31 July and his body was found near Dolwyddelan , Conwy , on 20 September . Mr Ellis spoke only to confirm his name and age and will go before Swansea Crown Court on Monday . Mr Ellis was arrested in Ireland on 18 September and his extradition to the UK was completed on Thursday .	A man has appeared in court accused of murdering his landlord .
She was taken to hospital following the fall at Clarendon Court , Southsea , Portsmouth , at 09:40 GMT on Sunday , but died from her injuries . A 46-year-old man , from Southsea , has been arrested and bailed until 24 March pending further inquiries . Police are trying trace a man who was seen in the street outside the block , alerting someone to call 999 .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 40-year-old woman who fell from the window of a third floor flat .
The raid happened at about 20:00 BST on Friday , two days before Everton hosted Liverpool in the Merseyside derby . Police said a man , woman and two-year-old child were the victims of an aggravated burglary . Nobody was hurt . Cleverley , 26 , signed from Manchester United in July , and is on the sidelines after suffering ankle ligament damage . He is married to Georgina Dorsett , 29 , who starred in television reality show The Only Way Is Essex . An investigation into the burglary is under way .	Everton and England footballer Tom Cleverley and his family were threatened during a break-in at their home in Hale Barns , Greater Manchester .
A Citroen C5 , driven by a man , 80 , from Stratford-upon-Avon , Warwickshire , and a Jaguar X-Type , driven by a man , 81 , of Llandrindod Wells , collided near Walton at 17:30 GMT on Wednesday . Both men were taken to hospital , with the Citroen driver said to be critical . Police said a female passenger in the Jaguar died in hospital on Friday . She had been taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital , in Birmingham - where the Citroen driver is being treated - after the accident , just over the border from the Herefordshire town of Kington . The force said her next of kin and the coroner have been informed .	A woman has died after a collision involving two cars on the A44 in Powys , Dyfed-Powys Police has said .
Paul Heckingbottom and Tommy Wright are currently sharing managerial duties after Johnson joined Bristol City . Heckingbottom has been with the Tykes since 2015 , while Wright was Johnson 's assistant at Oldham and Barnsley . `` There 's two people at the club who are very competent and we 're not in any rush to appoint a new manager , '' Mansford told BBC Radio Sheffield . `` In Paul , we have someone who is Barnsley through and through . His focus is to do what 's best for Barnsley as a club . `` He 's supported by Tommy , who is committed , and we 're very confident they will continue to succeed . '' Barnsley have won seven consecutive league matches to move them up to 10th place in League One . Recently sacked Rotherham manager Neil Redfearn , who made 292 appearances for Barnsley as a player , has been linked with a return to Oakwell . `` If Paul and Tommy can continue this run they give themselves every opportunity to knock on our doors and see if they can secure it permanently , '' Mansford added . `` The players showed on Sunday they wo n't let Lee 's departure adversely affect them . We 've stayed strong as a team and that 's the most exciting thing . ''	Barnsley chief executive Ben Mansford has confirmed the club are in no hurry to replace ex-head coach Lee Johnson .
The Sunderland midfielder , 25 , played in a 4-0 win at Crystal Palace , three years , eight months and 29 days after starting in a Manchester City victory . Rodwell 's winless run of 39 matches stretches back to a City win over West Brom on 7 May 2013 and includes 37 games since he joined the Black Cats . But it was not all good news as he came off injured after half-time . Rodwell joined Sunderland for £10m in August 2014 and while he has tasted victory a handful of times in cup competitions and when coming on off the bench , his unwanted record of failing to win in the league when starting has become well publicised . The previous longest winless Premier League run belongs to three men - ex-Derby players Darren Moore and Kenny Miller , along with former Aston Villa defender Alan Hutton .	Jack Rodwell has won a Premier League match in which he has started for the first time in 1,370 days .
Police said the accident happened at about 12:10 on the A697 near to Greenlaw . The man was badly hurt and has been taken to the Western General Hospital in Edinburgh for treatment . Inquiries into the full circumstances of the incident are ongoing and anyone with information has been asked by police to come forward .	A man is in hospital with a serious head injury after coming off his motorbike in the Scottish Borders .
The swift swine made his bid for freedom on the M48 between junction 2 for Chepstow and Junction 1 for Aust at about 06:40 BST on Thursday . The speed limit was temporarily lowered to 50mph ( 80km/h ) . Although the animal is no longer on the road , it is not known if it has been caught .	A pig which escaped from a lorry and got loose on to a motorway in Monmouthshire is no longer on the carriageway .
Bosworth had been among the leading group for the first hour of the race but Wang and Cai Zelin raced clear in the closing stages . Wang , who finished third at London 2012 , won in one hour , 19 minutes and 14 seconds , with Cai also improving on his fourth from four years ago . Australia 's Dane Bird-Smith finished in the bronze medal position . `` I ca n't be disappointed with sixth place at the Olympics but I could have done better as I had a dodgy stomach last night and that affected me a little bit , '' said Bosworth . `` To break the British Record by such a margin and at the Olympics is a dream come true . It was just an amazing experience . I 'm so happy I can not put it into words . '' Find out about how to get into running with our special guide . Choose which celebrity you 'd like help from in the new Couch to 5K programme , designed for people who have done little or no running . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Wang Zhen led a China one-two in the men 's 20km walk at the Rio Olympics as Britain 's Tom Bosworth faded to sixth .
It is believed the Tourist Board 's budget for supporting events could be cut by more than 50 % next year . Events such as the North West 200 and the Belfast Festival at Queens attract grants from the public purse . The aid was administered by the NI Events Company at the Department of Culture , Arts and Leisure but is now the Tourist Board 's responsibility . By the end of this year , events across Northern Ireland will have received Â£1.6m in grant funding . According to the Tourist Board , however , the amount it will have available for grants next year will fall to Â£700,000 - a cut of 56 % . The Tourist Board would like more but will have to await the outcome of the spending review . The cut has prompted fears among some that grant-aiding cultural and sporting events will no longer be seen as a priority as public spending cuts begin to take hold .	Some Stormont Executive funding for major sporting and cultural events is to be dramatically reduced .
The motion on Jim Logue 's position was rejected by 40 votes to 33 . A call for the council to publish internal audit investigation reports was defeated by the same margin . Mr Logue , a Labour councillor , has faced criticism over the management of subsidiary companies of North Lanarkshire Leisure . Police Scotland has started an investigation . North Lanarkshire Council deputy leader Paul Kelly said : `` The council decided today that the leader should do what he has been doing since this smear campaign started : focus on what 's important to the people of North Lanarkshire . `` Councillor Logue has spent his political career fighting against precisely the kind of practices he is now falsely accused of being involved in . '' But SNP leader David Stocks said : `` We have put our case to the council on behalf of the public and the council has made its decision . `` The police must now be allowed to carry out their investigation without hindrance and we will not be making further comment on this issue until the police release their findings . ''	Councillors in North Lanarkshire have voted down a call for the leader of the council to step aside while he faces a police investigation .
Officers were called to the reception area of Marischal College at about 15:20 on Tuesday . A Police Scotland spokesman said a 38-year-old man was taken into custody . The force said no-one was injured , and its inquiries were at an early stage . It was understood no threats were made during the incident .	A man has been detained by police investigating reports of an armed man at Aberdeen Council 's headquarters .
The rugby league club was given about 50 lights and transformers that were confiscated in a raid on a cannabis farm in north-west Leeds on Tuesday . West Yorkshire Police said the move would save the force and club money . Head groundsman Ryan Golding said : `` The lights will certainly be put to good use , especially at this time of year . '' He added : `` We have a great relationship with the police , especially through the work of the Leeds Rhinos Foundation and this just further grows those links . '' If they had not been given to the club , the lamps would have been thrown away , PC Kevin Hussey said . `` When I found that we could donate equipment seized from cannabis farms to local groups I discussed it with their head groundsman to see how we might be able to help them out , '' he said . `` Previously , we would have to pay to hire skips to dispose of all the equipment but this way we can save money and see something that criminals have been using in the illegal drugs trade put to a positive use in the local community . '' Unused soil and pots from the raided house were donated to Brudenell Primary School for its community garden . A man has been charged with cannabis production and immigration offences .	High-powered cannabis factory lamps seized by police have been put to use by Leeds Rhinos to grow some grass of their own - on the pitch .
A two-year-old boy also suffered serious head injuries in the crash in Birmingham . The driver of a black Vauxhall Astra ran from the scene in Eastfield Road , Bordesley Green , after crashing with a red Ford Fiesta . The driver of the Fiesta was eight weeks pregnant . Another child , a four-year-old boy , suffered minor injuries . More on this and other Birmingham stories PC John Slater , from West Midland Police 's traffic collision investigation unit , said : `` Tragically the woman was in the early stages of pregnancy at the time and as a result of the collision suffered a miscarriage . `` I would like to hear form anyone who may have seen the crash to call police on 101 . `` I would also ask that the driver does the right thing and makes contact with the police . '' Police said the crash happened on Saturday 2 April at 15.25 BST .	A hit-and-run driver is being hunted by police after a crash caused a pregnant woman to suffer a miscarriage .
In a co-ordinated operation , five were arrested in Greater Manchester in dawn raids on Monday , while a 29-year-old Iranian man was held in Northampton . Another Iranian man , 29 , was detained in Glasgow . On Tuesday , a British woman , 46 , and a 33-year-old Iranian man were arrested at Manchester Airport . All nine have been bailed pending further inquiries . Home Office immigration officials said their investigation into the suspected smuggling ring started in March and had been carried out with French border police , Europol and Eurojust . The five arrested in Greater Manchester on Monday included : Dave Magrath , an assistant director at the Home Office 's Immigration Enforcement , said : `` Our investigation is targeting an organised network suspected of being involved in a complex and systematic attempt to evade the UK 's immigration controls . ''	Nine people have been arrested in an inquiry into the suspected smuggling of Iranian nationals into the UK .
The 23-year-old was sent home on Sunday from a training camp , with a replacement yet to be named . `` Boufal has left after examination of his injury showed he would not be capable of playing , '' the national team said in a statement . Morocco have already lost midfielders Younes Belhanda , Oussame Tannane and Watford 's Nordin Amrabat to injuries . They play Finland in a friendly on Tuesday before heading to the tournament in Gabon , where their first match is against the Democratic Republic of Congo in Oyem on 16 January .	Southampton midfielder Sofiane Boufal has withdrawn from Morocco 's Africa Cup of Nations squad with a knee injury .
Kerry Jane Wilson , 60 , was working with an NGO when she was taken from the company 's office in Jalalabad by armed men in military-style uniforms . She is now `` safe and well '' , according to Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop , who gave no further details . Jalalabad is close to the border with Pakistan , in a region where militant groups are known to operate . Ms Wilson , known also as Katherine , is the director of Zardozi , a charity which helps poor women start their own businesses . She had been working in the region for 20 years before she was kidnapped by the unidentified gunmen . Ms Bishop said the government would not comment on the circumstances of her release to `` protect those who remain captive or face the risk of kidnapping '' . However she added that she `` deeply appreciated the work of the authorities in Afghanistan whose support and assistance facilitated ( Ms Wilson 's ) release '' . Australia says it does not pay ransoms for hostages . Ms Wilson 's 91-year-old father , Brian Wilson , had earlier told the Australian Broadcasting Corp he was extremely worried about his daughter , but that the kidnappers would probably keep her alive .	An Australian aid worker who was abducted in Afghanistan earlier this year has been released .
10 November 2015 Last updated at 18:36 GMT He is the first person to be arrested as part of the investigation and was detained in County Antrim by the PSNI 's Legacy Investigation Branch . BBC News NI 's Home Affairs Correspondent Vincent Kearney reports .	A 66-year-old former member of the parachute regiment has been arrested by detectives investigating Bloody Sunday .
Heightened security has delayed his arrival in the Belgian capital from Monday to Friday , Visit Brussels says . He had been due to land by steamboat at Peniches Quay on Monday morning . Saint Nicholas , similar to Santa Claus , will distribute sweets and hot chocolate in a decorated marquee . The busy but re-scheduled saint will be `` welcomed in style by a crowd of impatient children '' along with Rudi Vervoort , Premier of the Brussels region , Visit Brussels reports . All schools in the Brussels area had been invited to take part , but the event was cancelled last week as the terror threat level was still at four - the highest - following the Paris attacks on 13 November . The threat level , which curtailed a range of activities in the Belgian capital including school outings , has since been downgraded to three . Visit Brussels , the organisers , gave details of Friday 's welcoming ceremony . `` From early morning all the children can participate in a feast , full of animation , music and hot drinks . '' Previous years have included face-painting contests with a prize presented by Saint Nicholas . Traditionally the saint leaves presents for children on 6 December in return for a glass of milk .	Schoolchildren in Brussels will have to wait a few days more before catching sight of Saint Nicholas , the traditional bearer of Christmas gifts in much of continental Europe .
The 32-year-old , who was Britain 's first female Olympic boxer , faces the Pole after signing a deal with Eddie Hearn 's Matchroom Boxing . Jonas reached the quarter-finals in London in 2012 after winning bronze at the World Championships . She retired from boxing in 2015 before reversing that decision this year and turning professional in April . Lightweight Jonas appears on Friday 's bill , topped by Josh Kelly 's third professional fight against Tom Whitfield . `` Throughout my career I 've been breaking down barriers and I 've never felt out of place , '' she said . `` I know the drive and determination that I 've got inside of me . '' Jonas could now be on course for a future bout with Katie Taylor , who beat the Briton on the way to Olympic gold in 2012 . Ireland 's Taylor earned a shot at the WBA world lightweight title by stopping Nina Meinke at Wembley in April and Hearn says he is excited by the prospect . `` There is an obvious super-fight with Katie Taylor down the road , '' he said . `` But firstly we want to progress Tasha in the pro ranks and target her own world title . She has looked excellent in camp and I 'm looking forward to watching her perform under the lights . ''	Natasha Jonas will fight in her professional debut against Monika Antonik in Newcastle on Friday .
At about 20:25 GMT on 10 January , a Honda Civic and a Mitsubishi Shogun collided at the junction of Hastings Road and Buckland Road . The driver and front seat passenger of the Honda died at the scene while two rear seat passengers were injured . One of these , 21-year-old Abubaker Hussein Mohamed , of Leicester , died as a result of his injuries on Tuesday , police said . The fourth man remains in hospital in a stable condition . Police have renewed an appeal for witnesses . A man and a woman , travelling in the Mitsubishi , were also injured . The man was later released from hospital but the woman is in a critical but stable condition .	A man has become the third fatality of a car crash on a Leicester street .
Francis , 31 , was dismissed for a tackle on Aaron Ramsey as the Gunners came from 3-0 down to rescue a point . Cherries boss Eddie Howe called referee Michael Oliver 's decision `` harsh '' . Francis will miss Saturday 's FA Cup third-round tie at League One side Millwall as well as Premier League games against Hull and Watford . Media playback is not supported on this device	Defender Simon Francis will serve a three-match ban after Bournemouth failed to overturn his sending off against Arsenal on Tuesday .
The image shows Wullie sitting on his bucket in front of his shed , with the first minister peering round the side after leaving him a present . The original illustration will be auctioned for charity next year . This year marks the 80th anniversary of Our Wullie and The Broons first appearing in the Sunday Post . The card was created by Peter Davidson and Morris Heggie , who have produced the weekly cartoon strips for many years . Ms Sturgeon said Oor Wullie was a `` much-loved national treasure , adored by both children and adults across Scotland '' . Proceeds from the sale of the original illustration will be shared between four charities : The Archie Foundation , SiMBA , Christine Witcutt Memorial Fund and The Dixon Community . For the first time , special packs featuring the first minister 's Christmas cards from previous years will be on sale in National Galleries of Scotland shops in Edinburgh .	A special festive illustration of cartoon character Oor Wullie will feature on the front of Nicola Sturgeon 's official Christmas card .
The train operator is locked in a long-running dispute with the RMT union over the introduction of new Hitachi Inter City trains . Union members , including guards and platform attendants , are set to start a 24-hour strike on Saturday . A further 72-hour walkout has been scheduled over the bank holiday weekend from 29 August . Members who work on maintenance will take action on 29 August and 31 August . All of the strikes will begin at 00:01 BST and end at 23:59 BST . A 48-hour strike last month , over the same dispute , caused disruption to tens of thousands of commuters . It affected high-speed services between London Paddington , south Wales , the Cotswolds , the Thames Valley region and the West of England . The RMT union said the action was in response to a `` lack of assurances '' over job protection for engineers . It also said it was concerned that the role of guards and platform staff would be diluted by plans for drivers to operate train doors , while it was angry at the proposed removal of buffet cars . First Great Western has denied there would be job losses and said the new trains would have more seats and deliver faster and more frequent journeys for passengers .	Fresh talks are being held in a bid to avoid walkouts by rail workers at First Great Western .
24 December 2016 Last updated at 09:14 GMT It is broadcast on BBC radio , but unless you work at King 's the only way to be there in person is to queue . For more than 40 years , Ian de Massini has camped outside for three nights to ensure his place in the chapel . He has been captivated since the first time he did it at the age of 16 . Speaking to the BBC on Wednesday when he first joined the queue , he said : `` I had never experienced such ecstasy of being in a building of such beauty and simplicity . Coming home to this thing once a year reminds you of why we 're here . '' The Festival is separate to that of Carols from King 's , which is broadcast on BBC TV on Christmas Eve but is recorded earlier in December . The footage of carol singers used in this clip was shot during the TV rehearsal on 16 December .	The Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols is the world-famous Christmas Eve service held at King 's College , Cambridge .
A fourth man , 57 , remains in a critical condition in hospital after the 23:00 GMT collision at the junction of Sutton Road and Manor Way in Askern . Ricky Joe Hepworth , 24 , of Newmarche Drive , Askern , is due to appear at Doncaster Magistrates ' Court later . Two women , aged 53 and 54 , and a 48-year-old man died . Mr Hepworth has been charged with three counts of death by dangerous driving , three counts of aggravated vehicle taking , three counts of causing a death while driving uninsured and unlicensed , causing serious injury by dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of a collision .	A man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after three pedestrians were hit and killed by a car in Doncaster on Boxing Day .
Sophie Smith was found injured at a house in Tempest Road , Beeston , in the early hours of Friday and was pronounced dead later in hospital . Morgan Banks , 18 , of Whitfield Square , Leeds , has been charged with her murder and is due to appear at Leeds Magistrates ' Court on Monday . Tributes to Ms Smith were paid on social media after news of her death broke . One wrote : `` I can not believe you 're gone Sophie , it does n't seem real at all .. rest in paradise my long lost best friend/sister , you will never be forgotten . ''	A man has been charged with the murder of a 17-year-old girl in Leeds .
Five fire crews spent Saturday night tackling the fire at the premises at St Stephens Road , Pill . The roof collapsed during the blaze at the garage used for car repairs . South Wales Fire and Rescue Service said the building will have to be demolished . A total of 35 firefighters tackled the blaze at its height and people reported hearing explosions . The fire service received the callout at 01:25 GMT .	The cause of a fire which wrecked a commercial garage in Newport is under investigation .
The incident took place around 01:30 on Saturday at a flat on Torwoodlee Road , Galashiels . A 30-year-old man suffered serious injuries and was taken to Borders General Hospital . A 31-year-old woman and a 23-year-old man are expected to appear at Jedburgh Sheriff Court on Monday .	A man and woman have been charged in connection with an attempted murder in the Borders .
Shi-Anne Downer was found by officers in a property in Beckbury Road on Saturday morning . Kandyce Downer , 35 , from Beckbury Road in the city , has been charged with murder/allowing or causing the death of a child , police said . Ms Downer will appear at Birmingham Magistrates Court on Wednesday . A man , 37 , from Stourport in Worcestershire , and another , 34 , from Oldbury have been released on bail pending further inquiries and will return for further questioning next month . Shi-Anne was taken to hospital having suffered a suspected cardiac arrest but was later pronounced dead . A post-mortem examination was inconclusive and further tests will now be carried out .	The guardian of an 18-month-old toddler who was found dead at a house in Birmingham has been charged with murder .
Ramsey , 25 , will join the Solitude outfit on a three-year contract . The defender will link up with his former Ports team-mate Darren Murray who moved to Cliftonville from the Shamrock Park club in January . Michael Gault will also leave Portadown at the end of this season after signing a pre-contract deal with current champions Crusaders . Ramsey , who represented Northern Ireland and youth and under-21 level , joined Portadown from Ballymena United six years ago . Portadown manager Ronnie McFall is expected to step down at the end of this season after almost 30 years in charge of the club . The Ports are a disappointing seventh in the Premiership table after losing 16 of their 29 games .	Chris Ramsey will leave Portadown at the end of the season after signing a pre-contract deal with Cliftonville .
Welsh men are expected to live an average of 78.3 years and women 82.3 years . The figure has risen by just over a month since last year and by one year since 2007/8 . Wales ' average life expectancy is still around a year less than in England .	The average life expectancy in Wales has increased slightly since last year according to latest figures from the Office of National Statistics .
A 40-year-old man was found lying seriously injured in Rowan Street , Blackburn , at about 04:45 on 1 January . Police said they now believed the attack took place at a nearby property and involved one assailant who was known to the victim . The 22-year-old is due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Monday . The victim has been released from hospital . Ch Insp Stevie Dolan , of Police Scotland , said : `` Having recently met with members of the public and councillors from Blackburn , I 'm aware that there were concerns within the local community about this incident . `` Whilst it remains the case that the victim was seriously assaulted , I would like to reassure the local community that our inquiries have revealed that the incident was not as first understood . `` This was initially reported to have been an unprovoked attack by three men within the street . `` Our inquiries now suggest that the assault was not committed in a public place , and that the victim and the suspect are known to each other . `` Officers will continue to conduct patrols in Blackburn in relation to other ongoing issues , and I would encourage members of the public to speak to officers if they have any concerns . ''	A 22-year-old man has been arrested and charged over a serious assault on a man in West Lothian on New Year 's Day .
In Profitis , north of Thessaloniki , a small number of parents chained up the school gate in protest , waving Greek flags , the AFP news agency reported . Around 100 police officers formed a corridor to escort 40 `` puzzled-looking '' refugee children inside , it said . In other schools , the new pupils were welcomed without incident . `` Our children will be raped and then , who will take responsibility ? '' AFP quoted one Greek parent at the protest as saying . The Greek education minister , Nikos Filis , said the demonstration was an isolated incident . A statement from the ministry said the welcome in other schools was `` enthusiastic '' . The 1,500 or so pupils who started at 20 schools on Monday are part of a national education programme for migrant children . They received books and school bags before arriving at schools in the afternoon . The pupils will receive lessons in a number of subjects , including the Greek language , during four-hour days after the local schoolchildren finish for the day . The project is also running in six migrant camps . Authorities plan to expand the project across the country in the coming weeks . The UN refugee agency estimates that more than 160,000 people have arrived in Greece across the Mediterranean Sea this year , 28 % of whom are children .	A protest has marred the first day of school for young refugees in Greece , with some 1,500 children getting education under a nationwide programme .
He was found unconscious at Appleford Court in Pitsea , Essex , shortly after officers were called to a disturbance at about 00:30 GMT on Wednesday . The unnamed man , thought to be in his mid-20s to mid-30s , was given first aid before being declared dead . The 50-year-old suspect was arrested in Rectory Road afterwards , but police are still looking for a second man . He is described as white , 5ft 5in tall ( 1.65m ) , in his mid-30s , with short dark hair , and was wearing dark clothing . Police have cordoned off the scene and a forensic examination and house-to-house inquiries are under way .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a stairwell at a block of flats .
The mistake at a polling station meant `` an unknown number '' of people were incorrectly able to vote for candidates from outside their own ward . The votes were part of the first election for Macclesfield 's new town council . Cheshire East Council was granted a court order to reopen ballot boxes from the South ward . The review `` confirmed that the administrative error had not affected the outcome of the parish election '' , Cheshire East Council said . One Conservative and one Labour member were elected to represent South ward on 7 May . The Conservatives have eight seats on the new authority while Labour has four . The first meeting of the new town council takes place later .	An administrative error did not alter the outcome of a local election in Macclesfield , a review has found .
The ex-Formula 1 driver , who lost both legs following a crash in 2001 , won the H4 handcycling time trial on Wednesday . And the 45-year-old followed it up with a sprint finish to take the road race ahead of South Africa 's Ernst van Dyk and Belgian Wim Decleir . Zanardi had both legs amputated following a Cart accident in Germany . `` To win this race in this way , in such a dramatic way and sprinting makes me really proud , '' Zanardi said . `` It shows that I am a complete cyclist , even if I have no legs . `` The race did not go as I expected . I thought that I could take off soon and that I would only need to stay calm , but at the fourth lap I tested my opponents and understood my tactic would not work , so I changed it completely and only tried to save , save and save . `` I managed my energies well . It 's been a tough race , I could have very well lost it . '' Last year Zanardi won the New York marathon at the fourth attempt and also claimed world time trial silver .	Italy 's Alex Zanardi won his second Paralympic gold of the London Games with victory in the handcycling road race at Brands Hatch .
Ratcliffe , 43 , had been head coach of the slalom podium programme since 2013 and takes over from John Anderson . As an athlete , he competed at two Olympic Games , winning silver in the slalom K1 class in Sydney in 2000 . `` It is a privilege and honour to be offered this role , '' he said . `` I 'm keen to put all of our athletes right at the heart of what we do . '' Find out how to get into canoeing or kayaking with our inclusive guide .	Former Olympic silver medallist Paul Ratcliffe has been appointed British Canoeing 's new performance director .
The £28m scheme , which will include a larger pool and expanded gym facilities at Fleming Park leisure centre , was approved by Eastleigh Borough Council on Wednesday . It is hoped the replacement centre will open near Passfield Avenue , Eastleigh in 2017 . The current centre - built in the 1970s - will be demolished . Grant funding of up to £2m from Sport England and New Homes Bonus funding of £3.8m will support the project with the remainder coming from Eastleigh Borough Council . Keith House , Liberal Democrat leader of the authority , said the new centre `` would underpin our ambitions for a healthy Eastleigh Borough and will allow us to develop our young talent while delivering sports and leisure opportunities for people of all abilities '' .	Plans for a multimillion-pound revamp of a Hampshire leisure centre have been given the go-ahead .
The festival at Whitby Pavilion featured fire breathing , cabaret and martial arts for Victorian gentlemen . Organisers said the aim of the event - called Beyond The Sea - was `` to welcome splendid people '' , and have fun . Steampunk has been described as `` nostalgia for what never was '' and draws on a wide variety of influences from HG Wells to comics .	Hundreds of people from around the UK have taken part in the Whitby Steampunk Weekend .
The fire at Fegan 's Quarry on the Madden Road in Keady happened in the early hours of Tuesday . Police have said they are working to establish a motive for the incident . They are appealing for anyone who noticed any suspicious activity in the area , or who has any other information , to contact them .	A fire which destroyed more than 300 cars at a breaker 's yard in County Armagh is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
Media playback is not supported on this device Lock McCarthy , who suffered a concussion in the defeat by France in Paris , will miss the rest of the season following advice from a specialist . Flanker O'Brien has a grade two hamstring tear while winger Kearney has sustained a shoulder AC joint injury . Fly-half Jonathan Sexton and winger Keith Earls are however back training . Ireland face England in their next match at Twickenham on 27 February . Joe Schmidt 's side then finish their campaign with home games against Italy and Scotland on 12 March and 19 March . The holders ' chances of retaining the title they won for the last two years look remote , with just one point from their opening two fixtures . Utility back Earls , who was concussed in the opening game against Wales , trained fully with the Ireland squad on Thursday and Friday . Lions star Sexton has also received a clean bill of health after retiring hurt against the French , while centre Jared Payne is recovering from a grade one hamstring tear . Winger Simon Zebo missed the loss against France with a knee injury .	Ireland trio Sean O'Brien , Mike McCarthy and Dave Kearney have been ruled out of the remainder of the Six Nations campaign through injury .
Police were called to the cemetery at about 20:00 on Thursday after reports of a man lying injured . He was taken to Inverclyde Royal Hospital , where his condition is unknown . A spokesman for Police Scotland said the cemetery had been closed off to allow an investigation of the area to take place .	A man is in hospital after being found covered in blood in Greenock Cemetery in Inverclyde .
Restrictions were in place as Real Madrid beat Juventus 4-1 on Saturday . There was a `` significant '' police presence at the final day of the Champions League Festival on Sunday following the London terror attack . After the festival finished nearby roads in Cardiff Bay , such as Lloyd George Avenue , reopened by 22:00 BST . All other roads were accessible to motorists , apart from Cowbridge Road East , Castle Street and the bottom of North Road , which were open to pedestrians and cyclists only . However , these were due to be fully open by 03:30 Monday .	With 170,000 fans departing following the Champions League final , Cardiff is expected to return to normal with all roads reopened on Monday .
30 November 2016 Last updated at 00:08 GMT Emergency medical dispatchers , who answer 999 calls , must assess and treat each call as if it is an emergency . Courtesy Northern Ireland Ambulance Service .	A woman has been recorded phoning 999 to request an ambulance for a lift home from a hospital appointment .
The pupils , from the independent Perse School in Cambridge , were allegedly seen by guards picking up buttons and fragments of a spoon from the ground . In June , the school said they had been fined after admitting responsibility . But Polish prosecutors said the boys had changed their minds and would now face a trial . The pair , who were aged 17 at the time of the alleged theft , have withdrawn their admission of guilt , explaining that they were not aware the items had special cultural significance . They had originally accepted a fine and suspended probation , their school said in June . The artefacts , which also included a rusted hair clipper and glass fragments , were allegedly picked up in an area where new arrivals at the Nazi death camp were stripped of their belongings . Krakow Regional Prosecutor 's office spokeswoman Boguslawa Marcinkowska said the indictment had been sent on Tuesday to the Regional Court in Krakow . She said it was likely the pupils would have to appear in court as they had changed their position and their intention to voluntarily submit to punishment . The maximum penalty for the crime is a 10-year prison sentence . No-one at the Perse School was available for comment . Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp Life in the city of Auschwitz	Two British teenagers accused of stealing artefacts from the Auschwitz death camp during a school trip are to face a trial , prosecutors have said .
Ward joined Liverpool from Wrexham in January 2012 and played his first two games for the club last season . The 23-year-old joined Aberdeen on loan in July 2015 , making 29 appearances before being recalled in January . He made his Wales debut in March and started in their opening game of Euro 2016 against Slovakia . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Liverpool goalkeeper Danny Ward has signed a five-year contract extension and joined Championship side Huddersfield on a season-long loan .
The 31-year-old right-armer joined from Hampshire ahead of the 2014 campaign , but missed most of the 2015 season with triceps and back injuries . Griffiths was Kent 's leading wicket-taker in the T20 Blast this season , with 13 at an average of 33.61 . He also played three times in the One-Day Cup , but did not feature in the County Championship . Griffiths took career-best innings figures of 6-63 against Gloucestershire in September 2014 . `` The time has come for me to now leave Kent to seek a new opportunity , '' he said .	Fast bowler David Griffiths has left Kent at the end of his contract at the St Lawrence Ground .
The Shakers were 3-0 down within 16 minutes at the Ricoh Arena and conceded a fourth before half-time . Defeat means Bury have taken just four points from their last eight games in League One . `` The first thing is to apologise for the performance and the unacceptable way we 've conceded , '' Flitcroft told BBC Radio Manchester . `` The way we represented here today is not the way I want my Bury team to represent the supporters , the board and the football club . `` We 've got to take that responsibility as a group , we 've got to take that on and understand that it wo n't , and ca n't , happen again . `` It 's not a disappointment it 's a feeling of emptiness inside that I 've got and I 'll come out fighting . '' Although the January transfer window has closed , the loan window is now open and Flitcroft is hoping to add new recruits . `` If I get an opportunity to bring in a couple of players then I think that 's what the squad needs , '' he added . `` We 've been working hard on that now the window 's open and we 're going to have to really try and drive that forward as we look very vulnerable at the back . ''	Bury boss David Flitcroft apologised to their supporters for their performance in the 6-0 loss at Coventry .
The Spain international has agreed to stay for another season after his previous deal expired last week . The 32-year-old former Liverpool and Chelsea player returned to Atletico , with whom he began his professional career , from AC Milan in 2015 . He scored 12 goals in 44 games last season for Atletico , who were beaten in the Champions League final by Real Madrid and finished third in La Liga . His strike partner , France international Antoine Griezmann , signed a new deal last week .	Atletico Madrid striker Fernando Torres has signed a new contract .
9 February 2015 Last updated at 08:06 GMT Bafta stands for British Academy of Film and Television Arts . The Lego Movie was one of the lucky winners on the night picking up the award for best animated film . The famous mask trophies are made at a factory in Middlesex , south-east England . An individual mould is created for every mask , before molten bronze is poured in and left to set . Each trophy weighs roughly the same as three bags of sugar and takes about three hours to complete . Watch Jenny 's behind-the-scenes report .	The Baftas , the biggest awards in British film and TV , were given out on Sunday night in London .
Seven cameras in Birmingham and two in Solihull were to start working on Monday but this is has now been moved to August . The city council said `` terrible weather '' had prevented contractors fitting and testing all the equipment . Fixed cameras in the West Midlands were switched off in 2013 in a bid to save about Â£1m a year . Stewart Stacey , cabinet member for transport and roads , said : `` We now hope to be ready for 8 August , but in the meantime , I would remind motorists of the need to drive within the speed limits set by law to keep our roads safe for everyone . ''	A planned switch-on of Birmingham 's new fixed speed cameras has been delayed after summer showers hindered work .
The Belgium international , 24 , has scored two goals in six Premier League appearances this season and was replaced at half-time by Danny Ings , who scored his first goal for the club . England striker Daniel Sturridge also started after five months out injured . The Reds host Carlisle in the third round of the League Cup on Wednesday . Despite the concern over Benteke - a £32.5m signing from Aston Villa in July - first-team coach Gary McAllister praised 23-year-old Ings for getting off the mark in his fourth appearance . `` If anyone deserved a goal , it 's Danny Ings , '' said McAllister of the former Burnley player . `` He 's worked his socks off every day here . It 's not a fluke . He 's taken on board the nuggets of information we 've given him . '' Liverpool are 13th in the Premier League table after picking up just two points from their last four games . Captain Jordan Henderson broke a bone in his foot in training on Friday but McAllister said `` everything went well '' with the England midfielder 's operation . The 25-year-old will miss up to eight weeks .	Liverpool striker Christian Benteke will have a scan on the hamstring he injured during the 1-1 draw with Norwich at Anfield on Sunday .
It comes only four years after Â£10,000 was spent repairing the Tarr Steps in Somerset when the stone monument was previously damaged by floodwater . Exmoor National Park Authority said `` exceptional rainfall '' could cause slabs to wash away `` every few years '' . The 50m ( 164ft ) Grade I-listed bridge over the River Barle , which is still under water , attracts thousands of visitors every year . It is known as a `` Clapper '' bridge , which is believed to have derived from the Latin word `` claperius '' , meaning stack or pile of stones . Somerset County Council said : `` The bridge is an enduring and iconic feature of the Exmoor landscape that has been in use since medieval times . As an ancient monument the bridge must be put back exactly the way it was . `` The river is currently in high flow and we will have to wait until the flow reduces , which may be a few months , before we can plan repairs . ''	Part of an ancient stone footbridge has been washed away in flooding on Exmoor .
National Trust staff took on the challenge to care for St Michael 's Mount on an island off Cornwall . Gardeners have to weed the 50m ( 160ft ) walls of the 12th Century castle three times a year . The four-strong team of gardeners at the medieval church and castle keep the walls clear of unwanted vegetation and allow the desired plants to flourish . Lottie Allen , head gardener , said : `` Abseiling has become an important skill to complete essential strimming and planting of the many nooks and crannies within the cliff face where plants grow in spite of the salty winter storms and baking summer temperatures . '' Ms Allen said the weeding allowed plants such as aloes and aeoniums to thrive and flourish . `` It is a thrilling and unique experience to tend these gardens which are designed to be viewed from above , '' she said . `` On a personal note , abseiling allows me to appreciate the spectacular views of our gardens across the seasons and in all weathers . ''	Gardeners have abseiled down the walls of a historic castle to complete essential weeding work .
The 20-year-old left-back , who had two months on loan at Cambridge United last season , has signed to remain with the Sky Blues until 12 January , 2017 . Page is eligible to make his debut in Tuesday 's EFL Cup first-round tie at home to Portsmouth . The West Ham Academy player made his first-team debut for the Hammers in July 2015 in the Europa League . `` We have bought him in to create competition in the left-back area , '' Sky Blues boss Tony Mowbray told BBC Coventry & Warwickshire , `` with Chris Stokes likely to be out with injury for longer than expected . '' Stokes missed the final two months of last season after being stretchered off with a knee injury in City 's 1-0 win at Blackpool . City began their fifth consecutive season in League One on Saturday with a 1-0 defeat at Swindon . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Coventry City have signed defender Lewis Page on loan from Premier League side West Ham United .
The Bundesliga club announced on Monday that the midfielder was in Manchester and had not joined their pre-season training camp in Austria . City manager Pep Guardiola confirmed on 21 July he wanted to sign Sane . The 20-year-old helped Germany reach the semi-finals at Euro 2016 , having made his international debut in November . He told Schalke sporting director Christian Heidel earlier this summer that he wanted to leave the club , according to German media . Sane , a product of the youth system at Schalke , made his senior debut for them in April 2014 . He scored eight goals in 33 Bundesliga appearances last season as Schalke finished fifth , missing out on Champions League qualification for the second year in a row . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Leroy Sane is close to completing a move to Manchester City from Schalke for a fee of £37m plus add-ons .
Its shares had been suspended from trading since 7 March , at the request of the company . That was when the US announced restrictions against ZTE for alleged violations of US export controls regarding Iran . The company has revised down its 2015 profit , citing US trade restrictions . Tech firm ZTE said net profit for last year was 3.2bn Chinese yuan ( $ 493.3m ; Â£350m ) . In January , the company indicated its 2015 net profit was 3.8bn yuan . ZTE said the trimmed profit figure was due to a `` reassessment '' of future cash inflows , arising from related contracts following US export restrictions . The company has announced to shareholders that it is currently co-operating with the US Commerce Department , the US Department of Justice , the US Department of Treasury and other relevant US government departments , in their respective investigations of ZTE 's compliance with the US Export Administration Regulations . ZTE is the second-biggest supplier of telecommunications equipment in China , after Huawei . Based in Shenzhen , ZTE is known for its smartphones , but the company also makes semiconductors and other products .	Shares in Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE listed in Hong Kong have fallen 11.7 % after trading resumed for the first time in a month .
It was captured and posted on Instagram by Yellowkelstar with the caption : `` There 's a # tornado brewing over # Pontypool .... happy summer everyone ! '' BBC weather presenter Sue Charles said unstable conditions made this more likely . South Wales Fire and Rescue Service said there were no reports of damage . A tornado is described as a violently rotating column of air . Sue Charles said : `` It certainly looks like a funnel cloud - a rotating column of wind extending from the base of a cloud . `` It ca n't be seen here if it touches ground . If a funnel cloud touches the ground it becomes a tornado . '' The conditions in Torfaen on Tuesday followed a yellow `` be aware '' warning issued by the Met Office for rain in most parts of Wales .	A funnel cloud , which turns into a tornado if it touches the ground , was spotted in Torfaen on Tuesday .
The typhoon landed in Guangdong province on Sunday but moved later to neighbouring Guanxi . Deaths and injuries were reported in both areas . Officials said the typhoon , as well as the tornadoes that came with it , were to blame for widespread power outages . Mujigae also swept through Taiwan and the Philippines on Saturday . The typhoon , whose name means `` rainbow '' in Korean , had prompted the evacuations of thousands of people in southern China prior to its arrival . It landed in Zhanjiang on Sunday afternoon with winds of 180 km/h ( 112 mph ) at its centre and rain . It caused widespread blackouts and a cut-off in water supply in some areas in Zhanjiang , according to Xinhua . It grounded flights and prompted suspensions of rail service in some cities along China 's southern coast , including places popular with tourists such as Hainan and Sanya . Another tourist spot , Fangji Island , also saw more than 500 tourists stranded during the typhoon . The Guangxi civil affairs department said the typhoon had affected more than 1.44 million people by early afternoon Monday . Mujigae landed amid China 's week-long National Day holiday , disrupting plans for many holidaymakers .	Typhoon Mujigae has killed at least 11 people and injured more than 200 in southern China , the Xinhua state news agency has said .
Stephen Ackerman , 48 , of Loughton , Essex , denies 19 fraud charges with the proceeds totalling more than Â£60,000 . Mr Ackerman is accused of selling hampers to players that never arrived under the alias Mark Kingston . The jury has been discharged with a new trial set to start on 24 October at Snaresbrook Crown Court .	The trial of a man accused of a Christmas hamper con which saw West Ham players lose thousands of pounds has been abandoned .
Media playback is not supported on this device A bright loft-style dance studio in a converted Glasgow factory may seem an unlikely venue for an employment scheme . Yet it is here that social enterprise Street Step aims to kick-start young people 's journey into work , training or education by raising their heart rates first . Manager Carla Jack says many of the young people arrive with low confidence and motivation . `` Some of them have never worked - they 've never even considered applying for a job , '' she says . `` After the eight week programme , they are speaking in front of groups , performing in front of large audiences , and they 're also applying for loads of jobs . '' Street Step currently runs sessions in Glasgow , London and Birmingham .	For more information about getting into dance take a look at the Get Inspired page on the subject .
Dennis Dovey , 50 , of Alcock Avenue , Mansfield , died from his injuries sustained in the crash on the A614 at Ollerton on Friday afternoon . The collision happened on the southbound carriageway of the A614 near to the railway bridge . Nottinghamshire police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them .	A cyclist who was fatally injured when he was struck by a car in Nottinghamshire has been identified .
The Ivory Coast full-back , who was a free agent after leaving Galatasaray in the summer , started training with the Black Cats in February . Eboue , 32 , spent eight seasons at Arsenal after arriving from Belgian side Beveren in 2004 . He moved to Turkey in 2011 , where he won three Super Lig titles and five domestic trophies . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Sunderland have signed former Arsenal defender Emmanuel Eboue on a short-term deal until the end of the season .
The image was taken by a professional photographer when the unknown Norma Jeane Baker was an aspiring model working in a factory . Auctioneer Andrew Aldridge said : `` It 's a very down to earth image , but it also shows a very young Norma Jeane . '' The picture was sold along with the negative and copyright to a collector of showbiz pictures , Mr Aldridge said . In 1946 , Norma Jeane Baker was working at a munitions factory when a passing military government photographer told her she could be a model . She approached a Hollywood modelling agency , Blue Book , and aspiring photographer Joseph Jasgur was assigned to put her first portfolio together . `` It 's in very , very early 1946 before she 's even come close to the big screen and the big time , '' said Mr Aldridge . The auctioned image was taken at Zuma Beach in Malibu prior to the main shoot . The pictures made Jasgur famous and helped create the star who would go on to become Marilyn Monroe . The sale took place earlier at Henry Aldridge and Sons in Devizes .	A test photograph from a shoot of Marilyn Monroe when she was 20 years old has sold at auction for £3,100 .
Mr Turnbull unveiled a new system that he said would give better care to patients . The system would allow more use of technology and a focus on tailored care over a standardised approach , he said . Australia spends around A $ 10b ( Â£4.7b ; $ 7.3b ) each year on mental health services . `` Mental illness gnaws away at participation , it gnaws away at productivity , '' Mr Turnbull said . The new strategy , which will be rolled out over three years from 2016 , comes after a review critical of Australia 's current mental health system . Services such as hotlines will be streamlined and local health offices will be able to commission their own care plans for patients with complex needs . Mental health advocacy groups have welcomed the decision .	Mental illness hurts Australia 's productivity and services need to be overhauled , Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says .
The Latics have been looking for a new manager since the departure of John Sheridan , who left to take over at Notts County . If Oldham do appoint Robinson , the 41-year-old is likely to end his Northern Ireland role . Robinson is being tipped to name Ian Baraclough as his assistant . The duo worked together when Baraclough was manager of Motherwell between December 2014 and September 2015 . Former Northern Ireland international Colin Murdock is believed to have been instrumental in sealing Robinson 's move to the League One club . Robinson 's work within the Northern Ireland international youth structure has included a stint as Under-21 manager . Last week , Oldham added former Bournemouth and Nottingham Forest manager Sean O'Driscoll to the coaching staff and gave him a role in helping the board appoint a new manager . The club said last week that Peter Shirtliff would be remaining on the coaching staff but it was announced on Wednesday that the former Sheffield Wednesday player had left the role `` for personal reasons '' . Steve Evans , most recently of Leeds United , rejected the offer to manage Oldham despite agreeing personal terms .	Motherwell and Northern Ireland assistant manager Stephen Robinson is set to be appointed as the new Oldham Athletic boss .
Hedd Wyn , who was born Ellis Humphrey Evans , was killed on the first day of the Battle of Passchendaele in Belgium on 31 July 1917 . The shepherd poet , of Trawsfynydd , Gwynedd , was later named winner of the National Eisteddfod chair , now known as the Black Chair . Archdruid , Geraint Lloyd Owen , unveiled the plaque . He said the event on Sunday was `` awfully emotional '' , with a thousand people attending the ceremony - hundreds of them from Wales . Cor Rygbi Gogledd Cymru sang a number of hymns and dedications at the service , along with the Welsh tenor , Rhys Meirion , and the choir from Hedd Wyn 's home town , Cor Meibion Prysor . Alwyn Bevan , the leader of the rugby choir , also placed a wreath at the site with his wife , Glena . `` It is very important as one gets older to make certain the younger generation are kept aware , '' he said . `` Keeping Hedd Wyn 's name alive helps do this . '' On Monday , a service will be held at his graveside , with further Passchendaele commemorations to take place across Wales .	A plaque marking the centenary of Welsh poet Hedd Wyn 's death has been unveiled near to where he died in Flanders .
The pilot , 67 , was rescued from the single-seater plane after crashing on the east side of City Airport in Barton at about 13:00 BST . He suffered serious injuries including a broken leg and was taken to hospital for treatment . His injuries are not thought to be life-threatening . A clean-up operation is being carried out at the scene . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch has been informed . Sgt Stuart Jones said : `` Police , fire and ambulance crews were quickly on the scene and able to get the man out of the aircraft . `` Officers will be in the area whilst the clean-up operation takes place . ''	A light aircraft has crashed into trees shortly after taking off in Salford .
Up to 60 cattle were spotted walking along the track and going into a tunnel between Hever and Ashurst in Kent . Network Rail said it closed all lines while animals were escorted on to the platform at Hever railway station . The cows have now been removed and are safely back in the fields . Trains between Oxted and Uckfield were cancelled or delayed by up to 30 minutes . Francesca Ryan tweeted the picture of the herd with the caption : `` Holy cow ! '' She said : `` I was pretty shocked as it 's not the normal view when waiting for your train . ''	A herd of cows on a railway line has caused delays and disruption to trains .
St Peter 's Hospice has been awarded Â£15,000 from a programme financed by the St James 's Place Foundation . Julia Di Castiglione , from the charity , said the grant meant it could continue to help seriously ill people live in comfort until they die . `` It will also enable us to provide support for their family and friends , '' she said . `` Last year our team cared for over 350 patients at home - it 's great that we will be able to help even more people this year . ''	A Bristol hospice says it will be able to care for more terminally ill people in their own homes thanks to a grant .
Three-year-old Hari Hi Way was being treated by vets at the zoo after falling ill with a viral infection . Despite their efforts , the bull calf elephant died late on Tuesday afternoon . A post-mortem examination will take place , the zoo confirmed . Zoo staff said they were `` devastated '' by the news which comes shortly after the death of female calf Bala Hi Way , who had suffered the same illness . The condition , called endotheliotropic herpes virus or EEHV , affects both wild and captive elephants . Mike Jordan , a director at the zoo , said : `` Hari was a much loved member of the herd and was well known for his playful , sometimes mischievous antics . He 'll be hugely missed . `` Our veterinary and keeping teams caught the virus at the earliest possible stage and did all they could to help him try and fight it . These events are desperately , desperately sad for everyone involved . '' He added that EEHV typically affects young elephants around weaning age but currently there is no vaccine available . `` In many elephants it can lie dormant and undetectable and never develops into the disease but others are susceptible to it - currently no-one knows why some elephants get it and others do n't . ''	A second young elephant has died in the space of six weeks at Chester Zoo .
Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala , who 's originally from Pakistan , rose to fame after her efforts to increase awareness about girls ' education in her home country . The asteroid sits in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter . Nasa say they hope the decision will be an inspiration to others . NASA 's Amy Mainzer , who discovered the asteroid , said she wanted the naming to be an inspiration to young women . Writing on the Malala Fund Blog , Mainzer said she wanted the naming to be an inspiration to young women . `` We desperately need the brainpower of all smart people to solve some of humanity 's most difficult problems , and we ca n't afford to reject half the populations . '' In October 2012 Malala was shot whilst getting on her school bus in Pakistan . Malala was seriously injured in the attack , but she was flown to the UK for treatment and has recovered well . She 's become a worldwide sensation , speaking in front of the UN and elsewhere about the right to education . And although Malala may never get to see her asteroid , it 's rather nice to know it 's up there .	Malala Yousafzai has had an asteroid named after her by the US space agency Nasa .
The 17-year-old , who was last seen at Didcot Railway station on 3 December last year , was remembered at a gathering in the town at 19:00 GMT . Jayden 's former boyfriend Ben Blakeley , 22 , from Reading , was sentenced to life for her murder , in July this year . Blakeley was told to serve a minimum of 20 years for murdering Jayden and burying her in his uncle 's grave . Jayden 's body was discovered in the grave of Alan Kennedy in the cemetery of All Saints ' Church , Didcot , Oxfordshire , on 18 December . She was believed to be pregnant with Blakeley 's child , but tests have never fully confirmed this . Blakeley 's brother Jake , of Venners Water , Didcot , was accused of preventing the lawful burial of Jayden , which he denied , and his retrial is set for 19 January after jurors failed to reach a verdict .	Family and friends of murdered Jayden Parkinson have held a memorial event to her , a year after she disappeared .
The male bird was found at Loch Arkaig in Lochaber in June tangled in fishing line and in distress . It was rescued by conservation officer Lewis Pate . The Scottish SPCA first took the chick to Inverness and then to its national rescue centre in Alloa for treatment . An operation was done on the eagle to remove the fish hooks . Animal welfare staff have called him Brahma . Colin Seddon , of the SSPCA , said : `` Brahma is now around 12-weeks-old and fully fledged . `` The release site was prepared by Lewis Pate and staff from the Achnacarry Esate in Lochaber , who have generously provided a boat and engine for logistical support and feeding if he needs it . `` There were several people involved in Brahma 's rescue and recovery and without them he would not have survived . ''	A white tailed sea eagle chick that had to be rescued after swallowing two fish hooks has been released close to his nest site in the Highlands .
David Ball missed from close range for the hosts , while a strike from team-mate Ashley Hunter forced a good save . Hunter then set up Devante Cole who shot over , while Shaun Whalley wasted a one-on-one for the visitors . Abu Ogogo missed the chance to win it late on for Shrewsbury as they remain a point above Fleetwood , who occupy the final relegation place in League One . Shrewsbury earned their first clean sheet since October on manager Micky Mellon 's return to the club with whom he won promotion to the Football League in 2012 . Shrewsbury manager Micky Mellon told BBC Radio Shropshire : `` We should have won it , probably comfortably , because of the amount of clear cut goal scoring opportunities we created . `` There were just so many one against ones and there were others that went across the face of the goal like Shaun Whalley 's . `` But we 've also seen that we are capable of defending . They now know the standard they have to achieve in order to keep clean sheets at this level . ''	League One strugglers Fleetwood and Shrewsbury played out a goalless draw at Highbury Stadium .
Ms MacDonald , who died aged 70 in 2014 , served as an MP and MSP and was deputy leader of the SNP between 1974 and 1979 . Her husband , Jim Sillars , has donated the painting by Scottish artist Gerard M Burns to Holyrood . The portrait shows Ms MacDonald inside the parliament 's debating chamber . It has gone on display in the members ' room of the parliament . Speaking at the unveiling , Ms Sillars said his wife had `` left a legacy of ideas which have inspired a generation '' . Ms MacDonald , who was a key figure within the Scottish independence movement , had Parkinson 's Disease and campaigned for assisted suicide to be legalised ahead of her death . She had been an SNP MP and MSP until being formally expelled by the party in 2003 following her announcement that she intended to stand as an independent candidate in that year 's Scottish Parliament election , in which she was subsequently elected to represent the Lothians region . Mr Burns has previously painted portraits of well-known Scots including Nicola Sturgeon , Billy Connolly and Ewan McGregor . But he had never before painted a subject after their death .	A painting commemorating Margo MacDonald 's 40-year contribution to politics has been unveiled at the Scottish Parliament .
James Rhodes persuaded Supreme Court justices to lift an injunction that had barred publication . The Court of Appeal granted a temporary injunction in October , blocking publication of parts of the book . This was after Mr Rhodes 's ex-wife raised fears it would cause their 12-year-old son `` serious harm '' . Justices had ruled that Mr Rhodes could not be identified , either in media reports or on social media . Following the injunction , Mr Rhodes asked the Supreme Court for a ruling . Five Supreme Court justices have now ruled in his favour on Wednesday after examining the case at a January hearing . Some reporting restrictions have subsequently been lifted .	A concert pianist has won a legal battle to publish a book giving details of sexual abuse he experienced as a child .
James Gregoire died after being stabbed in Rosemary Road , Clacton in April . Darren Gilbert , 22 , of Holland Road in the town appeared at Chelmsford Crown Court where he pleaded guilty to murder . He will be sentenced in July . Speaking of Gilbert , Essex Police said Clacton would be `` safer for his incarceration '' . Officers were forced to restrict access to the town centre following a fight in several streets late on 13 April , which culminated in the fatal stabbing of Mr Gregoire . Gilbert was found after a manhunt and was arrested the following morning . Det Insp Morgan Cronin , the senior investigating officer in the case , said : `` I am pleased that Darren Gilbert decided to plead guilty due to the weight of evidence there was against him . `` This prevented the family of James Gregoire having to go through the emotional strain of a trial . `` While the verdict can not bring James back I hope this brings them a form of closure to their tragic loss . ''	A man described by police as a `` dangerous individual '' has admitted murdering a 54-year-old during a fight in an Essex seaside town .
Development of a proposed £292m specialist hospital in Cwmbran was put on hold in January last year . Health Minister Edwina Hart ordered more research to be done to ensure the plans were `` robust '' . Now the critical care unit has been included in the five-year plan of Aneurin Bevan Health Board , which runs NHS services in the former Gwent area . The plan states that the Specialist and Critical Care Centre on the Llanfrechfa Grange site is the `` way forward '' for the community served by the health board . But it acknowledges it may take five to 10 years for the centre to come to fruition . The new hospital services vision would mean a network of six local hospitals , including the Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr in Caerphilly and Ysbyty Aneurin Bevan in Ebbw Vale , Blaenau Gwent . A smaller general hospital would still be based in Newport .	Mothballed plans to create Wales ' first super-hospital for the critically ill have been put back on the agenda .
A pitch inspection took place at about 10:00 GMT and the officials postponed the fixture . Several other north-west clubs have also had to cancel their Boxing Day fixtures following heavy rain , while the Met Office has issued a weather warning for parts of Lancashire . For the latest on the Boxing Day postponements click here .	The Boxing Day Championship match between Blackburn Rovers and Middlesbrough was called off because of a waterlogged pitch at Ewood Park .
Nutritionists discovered gluten in a supplier 's shepherd 's pie and beef bolognese , which are both used by schools across the county . The county council said it has 20 pupils registered with gluten-intolerance or coeliac disease . The council said no children had had an adverse reaction . Councillor Andrew Grant said : `` Our nutritionists regularly monitor the ingredients used by our suppliers in the food we provide and it was as a result of these checks that we picked up the discrepancy between the labelling and the actual ingredients . `` While the quantity of gluten a child may have consumed is quite small , it is nevertheless completely unacceptable for a child with allergies to be exposed to this risk . `` We 've requested a full investigation into the circumstances of how this has happened and we 're confident the problem is confined to these two particular meals . '' The local authority said gluten , a wheat protein , was found in a gravy powder which was used in the two meals . Gluten triggers an auto-immune response in those that are intolerant to the protein . It leads to inflammation of the small intestine , which eventually damages the lining of the intestine , making it less able to absorb nutrients .	Schools in Northamptonshire have been told not to serve two `` gluten-free '' meals after they were found to contain the protein .
Marshall Aviation Services will enter a 45-day consultation with its Broughton workforce . Unite Wales said it would mean the `` virtual eradication '' of the aircraft maintenance sector in north Wales . The company blamed the possible closure on `` significant losses '' in business and said it would support workers through the consultation . It said the process did not impact on its other businesses in Cambridge , Kirkbymoorside , Brize Norton and Birmingham . A Unite spokesman said the union would work with its members and the company in an effort to save the business .	More than 120 jobs could be at risk after an aviation firm announced plans to close its Flintshire branch .
PepsiCo said it was introducing a new production line at its Leycroft Road site in the Beaumont Leys area of the city . The MP for Leicester West Liz Kendall said the news came as a welcome boost to the local economy . Walkers , which was established in Leicester in 1982 , employs more than 2,000 people . Labour MP Ms Kendall said : `` PepsiCo is a major employer in the local area and today 's announcement comes both as a welcome boost to the local economy and a clear indication of their ongoing commitment to the Leicester community . ''	The owner of Walkers Crisps has announced 110 jobs as part of a £15.2m investment at its factory in Leicester .
MB Aerospace has taken over Centrax Turbine Components in Newton Abbot . The Gas Turbines division remains part of the family-owned Centrax Group . The Devon components firm , which employs 430 people , has been supplying engine parts for nearly 70 years . It has developed a specialism in rotating components in the compressor and turbine sections of aero-engines . It will continue to supply components which require automated machining , grinding and robotic polishing . Centrax supplies Rolls-Royce , Snecma and Solar engine-makers , which in turn supply Airbus , Boeing and Embraer manufacturers . MB Aerospace , which has its headquarters in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire , now has manufacturing in Connecticut , Michigan and Poland , as well as UK plants . A majority stake in the Scottish firm was taken by Blackstone private equity in 2013 , and the Centrax deal is the first major one since being backed by that additional funding source . Robert Barr , Centrax chief executive , said : `` In MB Aerospace , we have found a custodian which shares our values and commitment to the region , as well as the significant pool of high-tech manufacturing expertise we have built up through time '' .	A Lanarkshire engineering firm has bought a Devon factory , increasing its global workforce to more than 1,400 .
Sandeep Kothari was abducted in his home state of Madhya Pradesh on Friday . Media reports say he may have been targeted for writing about illegal mining in the area and for pursuing a related case in court . Mr Kothari 's death is the latest in an apparently unrelated spate of serious attacks on Indian journalists . The journalist , 40 , disappeared from his home in Balaghat in Madhya Pradesh on Friday night . Hs charred body was found near a railway track in neighbouring Maharashtra state the following evening . Police said the three men held in connection with the murder were suspected to be involved in illegal mining . `` We are investigating the case from all angles ... It will be premature to conclude the exact reason behind the kidnapping and killing , '' police official JS Markam told the Press Trust of India . Journalists often face harassment and intimidation by police , politicians and bureaucrats in India . Earlier this month police registered a murder and criminal conspiracy case against a ruling party politician over the death of freelance journalist Jagendra Singh . Mr Singh published an article and posted allegations of corruption on Facebook against Ram Murti Singh Verma , who denies the charges . India ranked 136 out of 180 nations in the 2015 World Press Freedom Index , according to Paris-based Reporters without Borders .	Police in central India have arrested three men suspected of kidnapping a journalist and burning him to death .
And in his quest to do so Mr Abe , who won a return to office as Japan 's prime minister in December , has launched one of the most aggressive policy moves in Japan 's history . Such has been the scale of his plan , that observers have even named it after him , calling it `` Abenomics '' . It is based on three key pillars - the `` three arrows '' of monetary policy , fiscal stimulus and structural reforms - to ensure long-term sustainable growth in the world 's third-largest economy , And with initial surveys indicating a big victory for the ruling coalition - led by his party - in the weekend 's upper house elections , he is expected to be able to push his plans with even more assertiveness . While the markets , investors and Japanese exporters have cheered his moves so far , some have warned of the risks and threats posed by them in the long run .	Shinzo Abe has a mission - that of reviving the Japanese economy , which has been stagnant for two decades .
Figures from the Labor Department showed companies added 98,000 jobs last month - far fewer than the 180,000 forecast by economists . However , the unemployment rate fell to a 10-year low of 4.5 % , down from 4.7 % in February . The Dow Jones fell about 7 points to 20,655 , while the S & P 500 slipped 1.9 points to 2,355.5 . The tech-heavy Nasdaq shed 1.1 points to 5,877.8 . As well as digesting the latest jobs figures , investors were expected to be cautious following news of the US missile attack on a Syrian government airbase . Worries over disruption to oil supplies in the Middle East sent the price of crude surging initially . The price of Brent oil rose 2 % above $ 56 a barrel at one point , before gradually losing most of the gains to stand up 0.5 % for the day at $ 55.17 a barrel . US crude was 1 % higher at $ 52.20 a barrel .	Stocks on Wall Street ended flat after the US economy added fewer jobs than expected in March .
The 31-year-old , son of Derry City manager Kenny Shiels , spent the last four years at Rangers where he played in two promotion-winning teams . Previously he had spells with Hibernian , Doncaster Rovers and Kilmarnock . The attacking midfielder from Maghera won the last of his 14 Northern Ireland caps in 2012 . Dundalk have also signed former Galway United and Sligo Rovers defender Alan Keane . Shiels was released by Rangers in June at the end of his four-year contract . He told Dundalk 's website : `` I want to win things . I have won trophies in Scotland , and Dundalk have won trophies over the last couple of years , so that 's what I have come here for . `` I want to win as many things as possible and the lure of European football helped too . '' Dundalk will be in Friday 's Europa League draw , having lost to Legia Warsaw in the Champions League qualifying play-off .	Northern Ireland international Dean Shiels has signed for League of Ireland Premier Division champions Dundalk .
Media playback is not supported on this device If you want to find out how to get into athletics , take a look at our special guide .	Sophie Hitchon is the first British woman to win an Olympic hammer medal - but can she answer questions while hula-hooping ?
Noon , who has been assistant for more than a decade , is to pursue ambitions in elite coaching . The announcement came two days after academy director Chris Tolley 's 20-year career at Notts , who were relegated to Division Two in 2016 , ended . `` This has been a big decision and not one that I have taken lightly , '' Noon told the club website . Noon helped engineer two County Championship titles alongside director of cricket Mick Newell and has worked with England 's one-day set-up in the last 12 months . `` It 's sad to see Wayne go because he 's achieved a lot with Notts , over a long period of time and he 's very well liked and respected here , '' said Newell .	Nottinghamshire assistant coach Wayne Noon is to leave after 22 years as a player and coach at Trent Bridge .
The 21-year-old scored 14 goals in La Liga last season , having joined Malaga from Barcelona in July 2016 . He is currently playing for Spain Under-21s at the European Championship in Poland . Sandro had a medical on Merseyside before the Euros , and Everton are now understood to have completed the formalities . Everton have signed Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford for £25m and Ajax midfielder Davy Klaassen for £23.6m since the end of the season . Manager Ronald Koeman is also expected to pursue his interest in Burnley 's England defender Michael Keane and Swansea City midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson .	Everton are set to complete the signing of Malaga striker Sandro Ramirez after meeting his £5.2m buy-out clause .
The chairman of the county 's Clinical Commissioning Group said the local NHS needs to become more efficient by 2020 in response to rising demand . Dr Joe McManners said there was also pressure from central government to cut health budgets . A public consultation into the savings will be launched in the autumn . Dr McManners told the BBC the county 's NHS needs to save £176m over four years , or health providers `` would have to start prioritising what treatments are available '' . He added they were hoping to move to a system that tries to prevent issues before they happen , rather than treating them afterwards . This includes developing community services , delivering care closer to home and trying to reduce demand for hospital care . There will be a series of meetings and drop-in events over the coming months . An Oxfordshire Transformation Board was established last year between NHS trusts , GP federations , and Oxfordshire County Council . Health bosses said the consultation will decide the future of a number of Oxfordshire NHS services , including Wantage Community Hospital .	Oxfordshire 's NHS needs to `` modernise '' and find almost £180m of savings or patients could face longer waiting times , a health boss has warned .
North Wales Fire Service was called to the property on Gwynfryn Avenue in Rhyl , Denbighshire , at 01:55 BST on Saturday . The fire had started in a first-floor bedroom , a spokesman said . The person was treated for minor burns and smoke inhalation .	One person has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house overnight .
A website that asked people where the Canadian singer Justin Bieber should tour next finally received 650,000 votes to send him to North Korea . A spokesperson for UMG told BBC News that it was a `` hoax '' but declined to give any further comment . The poll was promoted by members of the imageboard website 4chan , urging their users to vote for North Korea . The joke eventually turned viral , spreading onto Facebook and Twitter , with tens of thousands of people casting their vote on the site . 4chan has a long history of pulling off internet pranks and stunts . In early July , Justin Bieber videos on YouTube were the target for internet hackers , redirecting users to adult websites or triggering pop-up messages saying that the Canadian singer had died in a car crash . Google temporarily suspended commenting on videos and issued a statement saying : `` We took swift action to fix a cross-site scripting ( XSS ) vulnerability . '' The vulnerability hole was patched a few hours later . Justin Bieber was signed to Island Records , part of the Universal Music Group , after his performances were posted on You Tube .	Universal Music Group ( UMG ) has denied any involvement in a poll that became the target of an online prank .
Lance Sgt Matthew Lawson , 37 , who had just shared an early Valentine 's meal with his wife in Kingston-upon-Thames , saw the teenager running towards them with police in hot pursuit . Mr Lawson , from Derby , stuck out his foot and tripped the man up . Footage of the incident has been viewed thousands of times online . Police in Kingston said he was a `` legend '' . Lance Sgt Lawson is based at Wellington Barracks beside Buckingham Palace . He plays the euphonium in the Band of the Scots Guards , who will perform for the Queen on her 90th birthday in June . He said : `` I heard a shout of 'Stop ! Police ! ' and immediately my military training just kicked in . `` I saw the policemen chasing a guy and I thought 'He 's a bit of a whippet , they 'll never catch him. ' . So I reckoned I 'd buy them a few seconds , and just stuck my leg out to trip him up . `` The guy fell and as the police grabbed him , they called back 'cheers , mate , thank you ' and my wife and I just continued on our way and thought nothing more of it . ''	A man who tripped up a suspected drug dealer fleeing from police in London has been revealed as an off-duty soldier and bandsman .
Mr Gentiloni , 62 , succeeds Matteo Renzi , who resigned after losing a referendum eight days ago . Pier Carlo Padoan remains economy minister and Angelino Alfano becomes foreign minister . Mr Gentiloni is a loyalist from Mr Renzi 's Democratic Party ( PD ) , and he is expected to largely follow the former administration 's programme . The new government was sworn in by President Sergio Mattarella on Monday evening . Mr Gentiloni faces a banking crisis and a rise in popular support for anti-establishment and eurosceptic parties . Mr Renzi stepped down after Italians voted against his proposed constitutional reforms . Opposition parties have ruled out joining a national unity government . The populist Five Star Movement says it will boycott a parliamentary approval vote , expected to take place this week , saying it would have no legitimacy .	Italy 's new Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni has taken office and announced his new cabinet .
Former Derby County boss Clement was appointed on Tuesday following the departure of Bob Bradley last week . The long-serving Curtis , 62 , played more than 350 games for the Swans and has been caretaker manager on three occasions and was in charge for the 2-1 win at Crystal Palace . The club have so far declined to comment . When Clement 's arrival was confirmed , Swansea also announced Nigel Gibbs had been appointed assistant coach , with Karl Halabi named head of physical performance , with both arriving from Tottenham Hotspur . Ex-Wales international Curtis has held a number of coaching roles with Swansea , and was appointed first-team coach by Michael Laudrup - a role he subsequently kept under Garry Monk , Francesco Guidolin and Bradley . The former Leeds and Southampton forward has previously been assistant manager , youth team manager and Football in the Community officer at Swansea . As a player he scored 32 goals during the club 's promotion season in 1977-78 and was part of the team managed by John Toshack promoted to the old First Division in 1981 .	Alan Curtis will not be part of Swansea City 's first team coaching set-up under new head coach Paul Clement .
Following last month 's storms , a section of the A591 was closed between Dunmail Raise , north of Grasmere , and Thirlmere . Some bus services will be able to use the bypass as well as cyclists and pedestrians but it will not be open to cars , Cumbria County Council said . It is expected to take three weeks to complete . The scheme involves a temporary road being constructed up the east side of Dunmail Raise . It will be used initially to transport schoolchildren who are currently being escorted along a temporary footpath near the closed section of road . Keith Little , the Labour county councillor responsible for highways and transport , said an hourly bus service for members of the general public could also be trialled . The A591 is the only major route through the central Lake District . It is hoped it will be fully reopened by the end of May following a restoration project overseen by Highways England .	Work is getting under way to build a temporary bypass around a flood-hit Lake District road .
Mudassir Shaheen , 30 , of Green Lane , Bolton , offered Hajj package trips at an average of Â£3,000 . He was convicted on 10 counts of fraud at Bolton Crown Court in December , with his bogus enterprise landing him a 30-month prison sentence . Judge Graeme Smith said Shaheen had still not accepted responsibility . The sham packages , which were advertised on a TV channel on Sky , saw Shaheen accrue Â£36,000 in total , but families were left without tickets or refund . A victim 's statement read in court said : `` I can not believe that a Muslim would cheat another Muslim . `` I had my bags packed and was preparing to leave any day . This is not just about the money , it 's a matter of my faith . '' Soheil Khan , defending , said his client was effectively a single parent to his young sons as his wife was in Pakistan looking after their daughters and he seemed to have spent the money on groceries . He added : `` This is not a case of this man stealing the money and spending it on any sort of lavish lifestyle . ''	A man who conned families out of thousands of pounds with empty promises of pilgrimages to Mecca has been jailed .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 13 November 2014 Last updated at 17:13 GMT Kenya Airways reports a loss of $ 116m ( Â£73m ) for the six months up to September , citing the Ebola outbreak in three West African countries and rising insecurity in Kenya . Liberia 's President , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , lifts the state of emergency due to recent progress made against the virus . Here is the latest Ebola news for Thursday 13 November - in 15 seconds .	The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) says it is to host clinical trials of new Ebola treatments in West Africa , one of them using the blood of recovered patients .
Ryan Morse died suddenly at his home in Brynithel near Abertillery on 8 December 2012 , Cardiff Crown Court heard . Dr Joanne Rudling and Dr Lindsey Thomas both pleaded not guilty to unlawfully killing him through gross negligence . They are due to stand trial on 3 May .	Two GPs have appeared in court to deny the manslaughter of a 12-year-old boy from Blaenau Gwent .
Derren Tomlinson , 44 , also admitted sexual assault when he appeared at Shrewsbury Crown Court . He was remanded in custody for sentencing on March 21 . He was suspended from West Mercia Police in November 2014 . A 40-year-old woman arrested on suspicion of aiding and abetting rape and bestiality was released with no further action , the force said . Chf Supt Charles Hill said : `` These abhorrent acts have understandably caused a huge amount of shock and distress . `` As soon as information regarding these offences came to light , Derren Tomlinson was arrested and a comprehensive investigation was launched in order to bring him to justice . ''	A police community support officer ( PCSO ) has admitted raping a girl under 13 and bestiality .
The A484 Llanelli link road will be closed overnight between the Berwick and Trostre roundabouts for a month . Work will start for on Wednesday and will take place between 20:00 BST and 06:00 on week nights only . It will be carried out in phases , allowing access to business premises either direct or via diversion routes .	Night-time road closures are due to begin as contractors prepare to carry out resurfacing works in Carmarthenshire .
The suspected thief also suffered a cardiac arrest in the altercation in The Shires car park in Trowbridge , Wiltshire , on Thursday afternoon . He was treated by paramedics but died at the scene , police said . The 20-year-old security guard , from Trowbridge , was arrested shortly after . He was later released on unconditional bail . Det Ch Insp Jeremy Carter said : `` He tackled the suspected shoplifter causing a number of glass bottles he was concealing to smash . `` He suffered significant bleeding from which he died . '' Latest on this and other stories from the West of England . He said the victim , who was aged 30 and thought to be from Cornwall , was suspected of committing a number of shoplifting offences in the town and there had been `` various episodes involving this individual and security staff from surrounding stores during the day '' . `` We need to understand whether or not the force being used was proportionate to the circumstances that unravelled during the course of the day , '' added Mr Carter . `` Formal identification is yet to be carried out and a post-mortem is due to be carried out later today [ Friday ] . '' An Asda spokesman told BBC News its security staff were not involved .	A security guard was arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after an alleged shoplifter was tackled to the ground and bled to death when bottles he was carrying smashed .
The company is being spun off from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles . The firm did not reveal the expected price range or number of the common shares . UBS Investment Bank , BofA Merrill Lynch and Santander are underwriting the flotation , the company said . Ferrari intends to list its common stock with a fundraising target of $ 100m . The company was set up by former Alfa Romeo race car driver Enzo Ferrari in 1939 , and produced its first car , the 125 S , in 1947 . The symbol of the firm , a prancing horse - 'Cavallino Rampante ' - was adopted by Ferrari after being used by an Italian World War 1 pilot , Francesco Baracca , who had it painted on the fuselage of his aircraft . The 'Ferarri red ' was the colour assigned by the International Automobile Federation to all Italian grand prix cars early in the 20th century . In 1969 , Mr Ferrari sold the Fiat Group a 50 % stake in the company , which was increased to a 90 % stake in 1988 .	Italian sports car manufacturer Ferrari has applied to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange .
England Under-18 international Knoyle , 19 , made his Hammers debut in the Europa League defeat by Astra Giurgiu in August 2015 . He also played 11 games on loan to Scottish Premiership side Dundee United last season . `` Kyle is a young player with potential , '' boss Gary Caldwell told the club website .	Wigan Athletic have signed defender Kyle Knoyle on a season-long loan from Premier League side West Ham United .
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and of Africans elsewhere in the world this week .	Images courtesy of AFP , EPA , Getty Images and Reuters
All the families had fled their homes and were at risk of repeated human rights abuse , a spokesman told the BBC . Civil society groups helped take the families to safety in Lebanon . Aleppo has been devastated by three years of fierce fighting between Syrian government forces , rebels and jihadist militants . Before the war , it had a Christian population of around 160,000 , one of the biggest in the Middle East . The refugees , who included Yazidis as well as Christians , were moved out along the only open road from Aleppo to the Lebanese border . The operation took place over two months and amid great secrecy . Belgium is one of several European countries that have come under pressure to help Christians and other religious minorities in Syria threatened with persecution . `` We did it via civil society organisations which could get them out of there , '' a foreign ministry spokesman said . Few other details have been revealed , but the spokesman said some of the families had connections with people already in Belgium . They were met on the Lebanese border by representatives from the Belgian embassy in Beirut with the help of the NGOs and have now all arrived in Belgium . The families are now expected to be granted asylum in Belgium . Belgium has until now only offered asylum to Syrian refugees through the United Nations , national media report .	Some 240 people , mainly Christians , have been brought out of Syria 's second city of Aleppo and taken to Belgium , the government in Brussels says .
Merseyside Police said another man , 41 , is also critically ill after the Cream Grand Finale at Nation in Wolstenholme Square on Saturday . The first man was taken ill at about 03:30 GMT and died in hospital a short time after admission . A post-mortem examination is due to take place , police said . The circumstances surrounding what happened to both men are being investigated by officers . Det Ch Inspector Andy Ephgrave said : `` At this stage of the investigation , we are exploring a number of lines of inquiry and it is unclear if both men took illegal substances . The men were not in a group together . '' He added : `` We would like to take this opportunity to remind people of the dangers of taking illegal drugs . '' The so-called `` super club '' first opened its doors at Nation in 1992 and went on to become an international brand branching out into Cream Ibiza and the Creamfields festival . Nation is closing to be replaced by a new music venue .	A 19-year-old man has died after falling ill at an event marking the last Cream club night at the Liverpool venue where it first started .
The damage was discovered at Dovecote Lane Recreation Ground in Beeston on Saturday morning . Nottinghamshire Police has asked anyone with information to contact them . Jillian Rickly , who was walking her dog when she spotted the broken trees , said : `` It 's really unfortunate that someone , or a group of people , would cause so much damage . '' `` When I see things like this , I just think , 'this is why we ca n't have nice things ' , '' she added .	Newly-planted trees have been broken in half in an act of vandalism at a Nottinghamshire park .
Shaun Klitzke was reported to police by his estranged wife , who found the pictures on a memory card . Scores of still and moving images were recovered from the card and a mobile phone that was also seized . Klitzke , formerly of Aspatria , Cumbria , but now of Jesmond , Newcastle , admitted six counts of making indecent photographs of children . He was sentenced at Carlisle Crown Court on Friday 1 July . Sixty-eight of the images were classed in category A - the most serious . Some of the victims were aged as young as two-years-old . Klitzke was also made subject to the terms of a sexual harm prevention order for 10 years .	A man who possessed `` appalling and loathsome '' indecent images of children has been jailed for 16 months .
Reo-Coker , 32 , joined Granada on trial on Tony Adams ' first full day as head coach of the Spanish club , earlier this month . Adams later said he would be offering Reo-Coker a contract but the player was unveiled by IK Start on Wednesday . Reo-Coker has not played in England since turning down a contract extension at Ipswich Town in 2013 . He has played for teams in Major League Soccer in America since leaving Ipswich four years ago . Reo-Coker 's new club are fifth in the table having been relegated from the top tier last season . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Former West Ham United and Aston Villa midfielder Nigel Reo-Coker has joined Norwegian second-tier club IK Start .
The 20-year-old impressed in Uruguay 's Copa America win in July and has signed a long-term contract at Anfield . A 6ft 6ins centre-back , Coates passed a medical and secured a work permit and is Liverpool 's sixth summer signing . Coates was last seen on the pitch in Buenos Aires celebrating victory in the Copa America , and accepting an award for the best young player of the tournament . Impressive credentials for a player who is not 21 until October Read more from Tim 's blog He joins compatriot Luis Suarez , who tweeted : `` I want to welcome Coates , partner in the Uruguay team , friend and great player , '' at Anfield . Liverpool boss Kenny Dalglish was keen to strengthen his defensive resources after Greek defender Sotirios Kyrgiakos left for Wolfsburg on a free transfer . Manchester City were strongly linked with Coates but he has now joined a Liverpool squad recently bolstered by the arrivals of midfielders Jordan Henderson , Charlie Adam and Stewart Downing , goalkeeper Doni and defender Jose Enrique .	Liverpool have completed the signing of Uruguay international defender Sebastian Coates from Nacional .
More than 70 researchers based in the frozen continent were able to cast early ballots . Australia 's electoral office organised polling booths at each of the country 's three Antarctic stations . Opinion polls suggest Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull will beat Opposition Leader Bill Shorten when the official poll is held on Saturday . The bases stay connected to the outside world mainly through a low-bandwidth internet connection . Temperatures can drop to as low as minus 40C and casting a vote surrounded by snow and ice proved a novelty . `` They spend about six months of the year cut off from the outside world , '' said a spokeswoman for the Australian Antarctic Division . `` It 's a bit of fun for them this time of year . ''	Votes cast at this year 's Australia election will come from as far away as Antarctica .
Sewell scored 104 goals in 193 appearances for the Magpies and helped them to promotion from Football League Third Division South in 1949-50 . He transferred to the Owls in 1951 for a record fee at the time of £34,500 . Sewell made six appearances for England , scoring three times and retired from the sport in 1961 . One of his goals for the national team came in 1953 in a game described as the 'Match of the Century ' , when England lost 6-3 to the Olympic champions Hungary at Wembley . Notts County club ambassador Les Bradd said : `` Before he moved to Nottingham , he used to leave work at 5pm on a Friday , get on a bus to Carlisle railway station , board a train to Derby , get another train to Midland Station and then walk to his digs on Meadow Lane , arriving at about 1am . `` When we played away , he would often have to be up at 6am to travel with the team . It 's just incredible that , despite all that , he scored almost a goal every two appearances for Notts . `` He was always a pleasure to be with and talk to . '' The Magpies have announced there will be minute 's applause in memory of Jackie ahead of Saturday 's match against Morecambe .	Former England , Notts County , Sheffield Wednesday , Aston Villa and Hull City forward Jackie Sewell has passed away at the age of 89 .
NRW is investigating suspected oil pollution in the Neath Canal , Resolven . It is thought to have been caused by a leak from a domestic heating oil tank in the area and nearby residents are being asked to check their tanks and pipes for damage . Environment officer Owen Caughlin said the leak could also cause the water quality to suffer .	An oil leak in a Neath Port Talbot river could harm wildlife in the area , Natural Resources Wales ( NRW ) say .
The project would see a new entrance and office constructed at the Scottish Borders track . Managing director Richard Landale said the works could be completed this summer ahead of their first meeting of the new season in September . An application has been submitted to Scottish Borders Council to allow the renovation to be carried out . Mr Landale said the current entrance dated back to the early 19th century and was no longer fit for purpose . `` More people are coming and we have n't been able to process them through the entrance and they have been standing out in the rain , '' he said . `` We are putting in a new ticketing system . `` We owe it to such loyal customers - we owe it to them to improve the experience . `` It is a significant investment , it is really going to bring the whole place up to the present day . '' Kelso was one of the five racecourses across Scotland which announced a `` bumper year '' in 2015 earlier this year . Its average attendance at 13 fixtures over the year rose by 12.6 % , the largest increase among the Scottish sites .	A £300,000 facelift is planned at Kelso racecourse to help bring its facilities up to modern standards .
A white VW Polo was spotted in a small tributary leading to the River Great Ouse near Barford Road in Tempsford just after 13:15 GMT on New Year 's Day . The male driver , who was the only occupant of the vehicle , was pronounced dead at the scene . Officers believe the car had entered the water at about 03:00 . A post-mortem examination is yet to take place to establish the cause of death . Friends leaving tributes at the scene told the BBC the dead man was 19 years old and lived locally . Bedfordshire Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward .	A man who died after the car he was driving ended up in a Bedfordshire stream may have remained undiscovered for about 10 hours , police said .
The 24-year-old replaces Travis Head , who was called up to the Australia squad on Monday , but is not eligible to play in limited-overs cricket . He averages 41.05 from 19 innings for South Australia in first-class cricket . Former Australia international Darren scored over 14,000 runs for Yorkshire in nine seasons with the county . `` We 're very fortunate that we 've been able to find a replacement quickly for Travis Head , who 's got a deserved call-up to the Australian squad , '' Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie told BBC Radio Leeds . `` I know the Yorkshire supporters will be buzzing about the fact that it 's another Lehmann on the scorecard , but he 's his own man . `` He 's a wonderful young player . He has n't played a lot of first-class cricket , but he 's made a real impact with South Australia and Australia A very early on . '' Yorkshire , who are chasing a third County Championship title in a row , have six four-day games left this year starting with the Roses match at Old Trafford which gets under way on Saturday .	Jake Lehmann , son of Australia coach and former Yorkshire batsman Darren , has joined the White Rose county until the end of the current season .
The bone , now being cleaned ahead of tests , could be between 500,000 and two million years old . Archaeologists Dan Chamberlain and Russell Yeomans made the find near West Runton where a full mammoth skeleton was unearthed in 1990 . Fossils are often found as cliffs crumble between Sheringham and Happisburgh . The cliffs are the raised bed of a fresh water river that existed long before the ice ages and contain the fossilised bones of many now extinct animals that roamed the area , the archaeologists said . The bone will be dated and tested by experts at Norfolk 's archaeological unit .	What is thought to be the lower leg bone of a fossilised mammoth has been found on a beach in North Norfolk .
The Korea Tourism Organisation ( KTO ) predicted there could be 4.7 million fewer foreign tourists this year than in 2016 - a drop of about 27 % . China has banned travel agencies from selling package tours to Korea in protest at Seoul allowing a US missile defence system . Visitors from China made up 46.8 % of tourists in South Korea last year . Tourist numbers into South Korea saw double digit growth in the first two months of the year , the KTO said , but have declined every month since then . May was particularly bad , with arrivals falling 34.5 % against a year ago , and dropping below a million for the first time since the MERS epidemic in mid-2015 . `` With the current trend , South Korea 's tourism industry could enter a long-term depression , '' an unnamed KTO official told Yonhap . The group tour ban came into force after the US military started to deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) system in South Korea . While supposed to guard against North Korea 's shorter-range missiles , it has drawn criticism from China , which claims the powerful radar can probe deep into its territory . Although the US insists it 's a purely defensive weapon , China says it undermines regional security .	South Korea 's tourism body fears a huge drop in visitors , as a diplomatic row with China starts to bite .
Officers said the girl was attacked in Westerton Park , Bearsden , at about 18:30 . Police Scotland said they were `` following a positive line of inquiry '' . A spokeswoman said : `` We can confirm that officers are continuing inquiries after a 16-year-old girl was seriously sexually assaulted on Sunday within Westerton Park , Bearsden . ''	A 16-year-old girl was raped in a park in East Dunbartonshire on Sunday evening , police have said .
10 February 2016 Last updated at 17:14 GMT She was hurt in an accident in Mexico in Central America . Specialists at the local university made the her a new leg , with joints that copy it 's natural moves . Watch her learning how to walk again .	Romina the dog is enjoying life again thanks to a 3D-printed , prosthetic leg .
A body found near to the Bridge of Sourden in the Rothes area has been identified as Kathleen Edward , 85 , from nearby Aberlour . A second body recovered in the same area was later identified as Rosemary Laing , 77 , who went missing from her home in Rothes . It is understood police are treating the deaths as unrelated . Ch Insp Stewart Mackie , of Police Scotland , said : `` I would like to take this opportunity to thank the public for their help and information in relation to the searches for both ladies . `` The support from the public for both of these sad cases has been very much appreciated . `` I would also like to express our gratitude for the assistance we 've received from the coastguard and members of the Braemar mountain rescue team . '' Kathleen Edward was last seen on Monday and reported missing from the Broomfield Square area of Aberlour on Tuesday afternoon . Rosemary Laing was last spoken to on Tuesday evening and reported missing the following day .	Police searching for two elderly women who went missing in Moray earlier this week have found their bodies .
31 August 2016 Last updated at 07:09 BST Many of them are in areas under siege , which means that they are surrounded by soldiers and ca n't get out . Sieges are against important rules called international law , because soldiers attack ordinary people who are n't fighting and ca n't escape . There has been a civil war going on in Syria for five years . It 's difficult to contact children who are living under siege , but refugees who left Syria recently have told us what life was like for them when they were still there .	Around a quarter of a million children are still thought to be trapped in Syria in the Middle East .
Amnesty said the decision was made after doctors advised against this week 's 50 lashes on health grounds . Mr Badawi was sentenced last May to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for `` insulting Islam '' and disobedience . He was due to receive the lashes over 20 weeks and was given the first round on 9 January . Footage that emerged of that flogging showed the slight figure of Mr Badawi standing in a white shirt as he was beaten with a stick . Ensaf Haider , the blogger 's wife , said she was `` relieved '' he would not be flogged again on Friday , but said she remained concerned about his health . The BBC 's Middle East analyst Sebastian Usher says Mr Badawi 's sentence provoked international outcry on a scale that Saudi leaders may not have been prepared for . The question is whether the Saudis will still carry out the full punishment after this second postponement , our correspondent adds . Earlier this week , the BBC learned that Mr Badawi 's case had been referred to the Supreme Court by the king 's office .	Saudi Arabia has postponed the flogging of blogger Raif Badawi for the second week running , according to human rights group Amnesty International .
Fe fydd y dyn 26 oed sy ' n byw yn Aberystwyth yn mynd o faen Ynadon Westminster ddydd Gwener 5 Mai . Mae Josh Walker , sy ' n wreiddiol o Fryste , wedi ei gyhuddo o dan Adran 58 o Ddeddf Terfysgaeth 2000 o gasglu neu gofnodi gwybodaeth a all fod o ddefnydd i berson sy ' n paratoi neu yn cyflawni gweithred derfysgol . Fe gafodd ei arestio gan swyddogion Uned Gwrth Derfysgol Cymru ar 29 Rhagfyr ym maes awyr Gatwick wrth iddo ddychwelyd i ' r DU .	Mae Prydeiniwr yr honnir iddo ymladd yn erbyn yr hyn sy ' n cael ei alw yn Wladwriaeth Islamaidd yn Syria wedi cael ei gyhuddo o droseddau terfysgol .
The 33-year-old , who previously played for Leeds , Everton and Leicester , has scored 160 goals during his career . He scored once in 18 appearances for North End in the 2016-17 campaign . `` I have no doubt that there will be a few disappointed Championship and League One clubs once they hear the news that we have secured his signature , '' said Bury boss Lee Clark . Beckford added : `` The vision that has been shown to me by the manager and the chairman just blew my mind . `` The motivation for me to come to Bury is the overall project that the chairman and manager have explained to me . I 'm excited to be a part of it and just want to get going as soon as we can . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Bury have signed striker Jermaine Beckford on a two-year deal following his release by Preston .
The 19th Century stone bridge , known as The Cut , is in the centre of Banbridge in Newry Street , which was closed to traffic on Monday night . The lorry was stuck under the bridge , and no injuries were reported . Police issued a warning after a lorry crashed into the bridge on Sunday but drove on , unaware of the damage . On the PSNI 's Facebook page , officers said : `` This vehicle found out the clearance height of The Cut in Banbridge yesterday . It then drove on to Portadown , not realising the damage done . Not the smartest move . '' They advised van and lorry drivers to `` know the height of your vehicle and always check the marked clearance height of bridges before passing under them for the first time '' .	A lorry has hit a low bridge in County Down , just a day after another driver sliced the roof of his vehicle on the same bridge .
They argue Chagford Primary on Dartmoor could be refurbished for much less than the cost of demolition and replacement . The campaigners claim officials took the decision to rebuild before a feasibility report last June . The Department for Education ( DfE ) rejected the claim and said the decision to rebuild the school was `` taken after careful consideration '' . A number of parents of children at the school , as well as people living nearby , want the current 1930s-built building to be refurbished rather than rebuilt . One of the campaigners , Jane Rush , said : `` Building new schools is great , but a survey last year showed the school was in good condition . `` This school is n't in poor condition so it 's not needed . `` The best value for money option is refurbishing it , so I think they are wasting money . '' The DfE said in a statement : `` We are confident a rebuild represents the best outcome for pupils , staff , the local community and the taxpayer . ''	Campaigners have accused government officials of wasting money if a new school is built at a cost of £2.6m .
The event starred comedian Stewart Lee and Turner Prize-winning artist Martin Creed . It was hosted by BBC Arts Editor , Will Gompertz , who explained on the Today programme how influential Duchamp 's art has been on today 's contemporary artists : `` Duchamp 's idea that anything can be art still dominates artistic practice today , 45 years after he died '' . First broadcast on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme on Monday 18 March 2013 .	On Wednesday 13 March , the Barbican Centre in London presented a cabaret night , inspired by the art of Marcel Duchamp .
Celebrations are being held throughout the year by Kent , Surrey and Sussex Air Ambulance , which launched its first helicopter in December 1989 . A service of thanksgiving will be held on Wednesday at Canterbury Cathedral . Founder Kate Chivers said the support of crews , volunteers and the community had made it possible to develop `` an exceptional lifesaving service '' . The service now has two helicopters , based at Marden in Kent and Redhill in Surrey , and costs about £6.5m a year to stay airborne . A £15,000 car was also being raffled at Hempstead Valley Shopping Centre to raise funds .	An air ambulance service is marking its silver jubilee year with a cathedral service and a fund-raising drive .
3 September 2016 Last updated at 10:54 BST Fifteen new celebs will be hitting the dance floor in the hopes of winning the coveted glitter ball trophy . We caught up with some of them on the red carpet to find out how they are feeling ahead of the competition , and to show us their best `` game '' faces !	Strictly Come Dancing is waltzing its way back on to our TV screens this weekend .
Both Petravicius , 20 , and Zanzala , 18 , are regulars for their respective clubs at Under-21 level but are yet to make their first-team debuts . Petravicius has won five caps for Lithuania , and appeared as a substitute against England last October . Both players were signed in time for the match against Barnet on Saturday . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Stevenage have signed Nottingham Forest winger Deimantas Petravicius and Derby striker Offrande Zanzala on one-month loan deals .
The 43-year-old was treated in Aberdeen Royal Infirmary after the incident which happened at a block of flats in Union Street at about 06:45 on Friday . Two men , aged 30 and 35 , and a woman , 38 , have been charged over the alleged assault and robbery . They are due to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Monday .	Three people have been charged over an attack on a woman in Aberdeen .
Scotland 's chief statistician has published the latest figures for civil law cases . A total of 9,700 marriages legally ended in 2012-13 , a drop of 14 % over the past four years . The number of civil partnerships which were dissolved quadrupled in the same period , up to 67 . This was a likely reflection of the rising number of people who have entered into civil partnerships since they were introduced in Scotland in 2005 . Other official statistics showed that the number of debt cases raised in Scotland 's civil courts had fallen by 45 % in the four years following the start of the financial crisis in 2008 . Debt cases accounted for almost half the total number of civil cases brought to court in 2012-13 . There were 35,900 cases raised , an 11 % drop on the previous year . Chief statistician Roger Halliday said : `` There has been a continuous decline in the number of civil law court cases , a trend driven by the drop in debt cases . `` Despite the decline in debt cases , they still make up nearly half civil law cases in courts , followed by family disputes , eviction cases and personal injury claims . '' Repossessions and evictions also fell last year but there was an 11 % rise in personal injury cases raised in Scottish courts .	The number of divorces granted by Scottish courts fell by 2 % in the year to the end of last March , continuing a downward trend .
Yum ! Brands has reported better-than-expected profits for the fourth quarter of 2011 , jumping 30 % from the same period last year . Net income for the three months ending in December was $ 356m ( £225m ) . The company says the Chinese market is crucial to its success . `` We opened a record 656 new restaurants and delivered extraordinary same-store sales growth of 19 % , '' said David C. Novak , chairman and CEO of Yum ! Brands . `` Clearly our KFC and Pizza Hut brands in China continued to strengthen their category-leading positions . '' Yum ! Brands also owns the Taco Bell restaurant chain , which serves Mexican style food . The company 's sharp profit rise was tempered by an increase in food and labour costs in China . Revenue from Yum 's restaurants in China fell 2.4 % to 19.7 % in the last quarter from the year before , due to wage inflation of 20 % and an 8 % rise in commodity prices . According to Yum 's profit statement , the firm based in Louisville , Kentucky , is the world 's largest restaurant company with over 37,000 restaurants . Outside of the United States , Yum says it opens approximately four new restaurants each day .	The company that owns the KFC fast food chain has again reported solid growth figures fuelled by demand in China .
Stephen Richard Jessett died after his Yamaha motorbike was in collision with a road sign and a black VW Polo on the roundabout to Llwydcoed on the A4059 . Mr Jessett , who was 29 , lived in the Pant area of Merthyr Tydfil . A family statement described him as `` a very social person who would be found laughing and smiling '' and `` at the centre of any gathering '' . Police appealed for witnesses to the incident which happened at 16:10 BST Friday .	Tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died following a crash in Aberdare on Friday .
Akhtar Javeed , 56 , from east London , was shot outside the building in Digbeth , Birmingham on 3 February . West Midlands Police said the suspect was detained at a property in Leicester on Friday evening . A 19-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and an 18-year-old man arrested in Derby remains in custody . Police said on the day of the shooting two masked men in a silver Renault Megane entered Direct Source 3 Ltd on Rea Street South . Five staff members were handcuffed with cable ties and it is believed Mr Javeed was shot while fighting off the attackers . He was found outside his business premises with a `` major neck wound '' and pronounced dead in hospital . The robbers escaped empty-handed , detectives said .	A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed during a raid at his warehouse .
21 October 2016 Last updated at 19:07 BST It comes a year after a South African court criticised the government for refusing to arrest Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir , who is wanted by the ICC on charges of genocide and war crimes â€ “ allegations he denies . Video journalist : BBC 's Christian Parkinson	South Africa has formally begun the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
The French quartet of Philippe Rozier , Kevin Staut , Roger Yves Bost and Penelope Leprevost gave France their second equestrian title in Rio after team success in eventing . The United States were second and Germany third after they beat Canada in a jump-off for bronze . Defending champions Great Britain failed to reach the final . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	France 's show jumpers won Olympic gold in the equestrian team event at the Rio Games .
Robyn Stacey used camera obscura , the forerunner to the camera , to literally turn high rise rooms into a camera . The inverted reflections of the outside view were then photographed inside the room by Ms Stacey as part of her stunning Cloud Land series . She says her work draws inspiration from the transient nature of cities . Ms Stacey said the city of Brisbane is rapidly changing , but not looking back . `` It is interesting as now that everything has gone 99.9 % digital , people are getting interested in the analogue processes , so people are making late 19th Century forms of photography , '' she told ABC radio . `` Because light travels in a straight line , whatever is down on the ground you will see on the ceiling as it is a straight line , '' Ms Stacey said . `` The exposure time for the photos runs from one minute and four minutes , depending on the brightness outside . ''	An Australian photographer has used a 19th Century technique to create captivating modern portraits featuring Brisbane cityscapes .
Suzanne Hughes was last seen at about 22:30 BST on the 17 July in Cromer , Norfolk , where she was holidaying with her husband , daughter and grandson . Her husband Alan claimed it was `` out of character '' for the 67-year-old , from Solihull , to go missing . He said he woke at about midnight to discover his wife was not in the house and the front door was open . Coastguards and a police helicopter have been involved in the search for Mrs Hughes , and Norfolk police said `` a large amount '' of CCTV footage has been examined .	Police have said they are `` increasingly concerned '' about a grandmother who seemingly vanished overnight .
Media playback is not supported on this device The Scarlets open-side could join up with Wales ' summer tour of New Zealand as a dirt-tracker but Jones told Scrum V he hopes Davies could feature for Team GB in Rio .	Gwyn Jones hopes Wales head coach Warren Gatland will `` see the bigger picture '' and encourage James Davies to take up a possible offer to play Rugby Sevens at this summer 's Olympic Games .
The 36-year-old was attacked outside a shop in Parsloes Avenue , Dagenham at 19:50 BST on Thursday . Police said he suffered `` life-changing injuries '' , including one knife wound `` running practically from ear to ear '' . He was taken to hospital where he is in a critical but stable condition . Police are appealing for witnesses . Police said the injured man was thought to have been in a disagreement with another man in a takeaway shop before the attack . Det Con Nicola Dunn said : `` This is a horrific attack which has resulted in the victim receiving life-changing injuries . `` He has a three-inch slash wound to his neck , a large deep knife wound to his left cheek running practically from ear to ear and a puncture wound to the right chest just below the shoulder. `` The suspect , who left before police arrived at the scene , is described as black , aged about 30 , 5ft 10in tall wearing a grey t-shirt , blue jeans and white trainers , police said .	A man was stabbed in the neck and slashed across the face and chest in a `` horrific attack '' in east London , police said .
Having played the 90 minutes of Leipzig 's 1-0 defeat to Wolfsburg , 22-year-old Keita lost consciousness shortly after leaving the dressing room and was taken to hospital once his condition stabilised . On Sunday , the club said his test results are in order and he may have suffered a circulatory collapse brought on by exertion but they want to find out the exact cause . `` He spent the night in hospital and he 's feeling better . All the test results are okay , '' said Hasenhuettl . `` It seemed to be the fault of his circulation , he burnt himself out yesterday ( during the game ) . `` For sure , we will continue to look for causes in the next few days . `` It was probably a combination of several factors . I am glad that there is no deeper disorder . His test results were all okay , that is why we have to look at what was the cause . ''	RB Leipzig 's coach Ralph Hasenhuettl said they are investigating why Guinea midfielder Naby Keita collapsed in the dressing room area following a Bundesliga game on Saturday .
Errol McKenzie was shot three times at close range on 11 April 2010 , at the Seymour Road playing fields , Leyton . Detectives said there was still no obvious motive for the 37-year-old 's murder . He is known to have left Tottenham at 22:45 BST to travel to Leyton that night . Mr McKenzie was seen on CCTV buying alcohol in a local shop at 23:15 but instead of going to his home a few minutes away , he headed to the park . Det Ch Insp Dave Whellams said it was still not known how Mr McKenzie travelled back to Leyton . He added : `` Was Errol due to meet someone that night in the park ? He was there for at least half-an-hour before he was found dead . `` I would ask anyone who saw Errol on his journey that night to get in touch . '' Mr McKenzie was well-known locally and nicknamed `` Cable Guy '' or `` Cable Man '' because of his job fixing cable boxes and electrical equipment . A take away food carton , the alcohol he bought and a carrier bag containing two cable boxes were found next to his body .	A reward of £20,000 has been offered by police for information leading to the killer of a man shot dead in east London five years ago .
Graham Gordon was jailed for five years after being convicted at the High Court in Stonehaven in 2002 . The trial had heard how Gordon took the woman to his Bridge of Don home after meeting her in a nightclub in 2001 . A Â£695,000 action against the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission and Scottish government has failed . A sheriff ruled against Gordon and the case has been closed , although the former golf professional can appeal the decision . He has always denied the attack and claims it was consensual sex .	An Aberdeen man who tried to sue the Scottish government after failing to overturn his rape conviction has lost his case .
Police urged people to `` give up the gun '' during the two-week firearms and ammunition surrender across Greater Manchester , Merseyside , Cheshire , Cumbria , Lancashire and North Wales . Rifles , guns , air weapons and a number of imitation and antique firearms were collected . Unusual items included a replica AK-47 and a Smith & Wesson pistol . There has been a spike in attacks since Salford 's `` Mr Big '' Paul Massey was killed in July 2015 . The surrender began on 4 April and ended on Monday . As well as firearms , thousands of rounds of ammunition were also handed in . In 2014 , there were 126 weapons handed in to Merseyside Police , 103 in Greater Manchester and more than 100 in Lancashire . Greater Manchester Police Assistant Chief Constable John O'Hare said : `` The surrender may be over , but our commitment to tackle gun crime is not . There will be continued efforts from GMP , our colleagues across the North West and our partners as we work together to safeguard , educate and intervene at the earliest opportunity . '' Cheshire Police said the majority of weapons handed in to the force were `` antiques that had been passed down through generations '' .	More than 800 firearms were handed to police in a guns amnesty launched after a spate of shootings in Salford .
25 May 2016 Last updated at 04:17 BST The BBC has found evidence of children working at every stage of the tobacco production process in Indonesia - the world 's fifth-largest producer . In a report released on Wednesday , Human Rights Watch claims that thousands of children are working in hazardous conditions in the tobacco industry . Rebecca Henschke reports from the island of Lombok .	Some of the world 's biggest tobacco companies are buying their products from farms that employ child workers .
It happened on Saturday afternoon . There are no reports of any injuries . Bedford Street is expected to stay closed until about 18:30 GMT . By coincidence , the street had been closed since Saturday morning to allow filming to take place for a BBC drama series . The popular crime thriller staring Adrian Dunbar and Vicky McClure is now in its third series .	Bedford Street in Belfast city centre has been closed after glass fell from Bedford House onto the street below .
Le Roux replaces Loann Goujon who has been ruled out of the rest of the tournament after fracturing his sinuses in the win over Scotland . Wing Virimi Vakatawa makes way after picking up a thigh injury with Uini Atonio dropped to the bench . Scrum-half Baptiste Serin keeps his place ahead of Maxime Machenaud . France : Spedding ; Nakaitaci , Lamerat , Fickou , Huget ; Lopez , Serin ; Baille , Guirado ( c ) , Slimani , Vahaamahina , Maestri ; Le Roux , Gourdon , Picamoles . Replacements : Tolofua , Antonio , Ben Arous , Devedec , Ollivon , Machenaud , Chavancy , Camara .	France have brought prop Rabah Slimani , flanker Bernard le Roux and wing Yoann Huget to face Ireland in the Six Nations on Saturday .
Police were called to an address in Stadium Street in Chelsea in the early hours of Sunday after reports a woman had been stabbed . An ambulance was called but the 35-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene . Police are awaiting formal identification . A 48-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody . A post-mortem examination will be scheduled in due course .	A woman has been found murdered at a house in south-west London .
The borough council currently empties black bins every week , which is also the case in neighbouring Bournemouth . The approval of a system for collections every other week aims to save the authority £633,000 a year . It is also hoped it will encourage more recycling . The changes are due to be implemented in autumn 2016 . The authority said it needed to make savings of between £18m and £20m over the next four years .	Plans to axe weekly household bin collections in Poole have been approved by councillors .
The SNP retain eight seats on the council , with Labour losing three of its eight seats and the Conservatives increasing their share from one seat to five . All five wards in the local government election were declared shortly before 11:30 . Turnout in the election was 46.2 % . A forthcoming meeting of the council will be held to form an administration and appoint office holders . The SNP kept nine seats and Labour lost four as the Conservatives jumped to nine seats on Stirling Council , which had been a Labour/Conservative coalition . They gained five to draw level with the SNP . Labour dropped to four with the Greens keeping their seat .	The SNP have become the largest party in Clackmannanshire Council , with the Conservatives making gains at the expense of Labour .
25 February 2015 Last updated at 14:27 GMT They were joined by culture minister Ed Vaizey and shadow international development secretary Mary Creagh . Nick Robinson says he is not aware of any Labour MPs who are also working as trade union activists - a matter frequently raised by David Cameron - saying this is rather different from MPs who are `` sponsored '' by unions .	David Cameron and Ed Miliband 's clash at Prime Minister 's Questions over MPs second jobs is reviewed by Andrew Neil , of the Daily Politics , and BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson .
The PCs , aged 24 and 26 , were called to Kingsdown Road , a residential street in Islington at about 18:00 BST on Thursday . One officer suffered a minor head injury and the other sustained injuries to his face and body . A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder . The injured officers were taken to hospital for treatment . Their conditions are not said to be serious .	Two police officers were injured when a man threw large knives at them as they attended a disturbance in north London .
It follows reports that a 25-year-old woman was attacked as she walked on a footpath in Wythenshawe Park at about 04:00 BST on Sunday . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) has appealed for any witnesses or anyone in the area at the time of the attack to come forward . The investigation is ongoing and extra patrols have been set up in the area , said police .	The rape of a woman in Wythenshawe Park is being investigated by police .
Mr Hichilema is accused of obstructing the motorcade of President Edgar Lungu when it was travelling to a traditional ceremony at the weekend . Mr Hichilema 's UPND party has in the past accused the government of trying to stifle all dissent . Last year , President Lungu narrowly beat Mr Hichilema in the presidential election . The UPND is challenging the result of the vote . The opposition leader 's lawyer Jack Mwiimbu told the BBC Focus on Africa radio that Mr Hichilema denies any wrong-doing . He added that his client had not been formally charged . The authorities have not commented on the politician 's detention . Mr Hichilema was detained after armed police raided his family home , during which teargas canisters were thrown inside . His lawyer questioned why only Mr Hichilema was being held despite him having been in a convoy of more than 60 cars when the incident happened . Mr Mwiimbu said his client was being detained `` based on treasonable charges under the laws of Zambia '' and had therefore been denied bail . Mr Hichilema is already facing charges of sedition dating from last October , a move his team said was an attempt by the ruling party to silence dissent .	Zambia 's opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema has been detained on suspicion of treason , his lawyer says .
Mr Keetch , who served as the area 's Liberal Democrat MP from 1997 to 2010 , was the party 's defence spokesperson and played a role in its decision to oppose involvement in the 2003 Iraq War . Mr Keetch died in London on Wednesday following a long illness . His family said he had been proud to represent Hereford , where he was born . More updates from Herefordshire and Worcestershire In a statement , they said : `` He was an advocate of putting Herefordshire on the map and would take every opportunity to do so . '' Lib Dem president Baroness Sal Brinton described Mr Keetch as a man of `` absolute principle '' . `` He cared passionately about the people he represented in Herefordshire and was an assiduous local MP , '' she said . `` His knowledge of foreign affairs and the experience of individual people in some of the most difficult places in the world informed his role on national issues . We will miss him . '' The party 's former leader Lord Campbell said Mr Keetch was `` an enthusiast in everything he did '' . He added : `` He had a special interest in defence , in which he showed exemplary judgement . It was a pleasure to work with him . ''	Senior politicians have paid tribute to former Hereford MP Paul Keetch who has died at the age of 56 .
The discovery could lead to new drugs or vaccines to block transmission . The research , published in Science Translational Medicine , fills a `` key knowledge gap '' in the biology of the disease , say scientists at Harvard . Carried by mosquitoes , the parasite causes the most severe form of malaria , which leads to more than 500,000 deaths every year globally . The study found parasites that cause malaria could bury into bone marrow , where they escaped the immune system and caused disease . The idea that they hide in the bone marrow while they mature has been around for decades . But a team led by Prof Matthias Marti , of the Harvard School of Public Health , in Boston , pinpointed exactly where the parasites found sanctuaries in bone marrow by analysing tissue samples from autopsies . `` We have confirmed that the parasites that cause malaria can hide in the bone marrow , '' he told BBC News . The discovery was `` exciting '' because it identified `` a key knowledge gap in the biology of the parasite '' , he added . The hope is that this may help scientists devise a way to target parasites hiding out in bone marrow with new drugs or vaccines . The most recent figures from the World Health Organization suggest malaria killed more than 600,000 people in 2012 , with 90 % of these deaths occurring in sub-Saharan Africa .	Malaria parasites can hide inside the bone marrow and evade the body 's defences , research confirms .
Media playback is not supported on this device Wimbledon qualifying matches will be broadcast for the first time , before the tournament starts at the All England Club on 3 July . Sue Barker leads the TV coverage across BBC One and BBC Two , while Boris Becker returns to the BBC team . BBC Radio 5 live has 100 hours of action , while the BBC Sport website and app will host 15 live HD video streams . Coverage of the Championships started on radio in 1927 , and a decade later TV viewers were able to switch on and catch the action . `` We are very proud to be celebrating such a long-standing broadcasting relationship with the All England Tennis Club , '' said Barbara Slater , director of BBC Sport . `` Over the 90 years we have been able to capture so many of Wimbledon 's greatest moments , from those early days of radio commentary to the unprecedented access to the event that we have available now . `` We are delighted this year to be able to offer tennis fans even more live action by adding qualifying matches at Roehampton to our already extensive offering . '' The Roehampton event runs from 26-29 June and will be broadcast live on the BBC Sport website and app .	The BBC will carry more live action as it celebrates 90 years of broadcasting Wimbledon at this year 's Championships .
The 25-year-old spent the first half of the campaign on loan at Grimsby , making 12 appearances without scoring . He was signed by Barnsley from FC Halifax a year ago , but has yet to start a game for the Oakwell side . Barrow have ended the contract of winger Andy Haworth , 28 , by mutual consent and he has joined Macclesfield . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Barrow have increased their striking options for the rest of the season by signing Shaun Tuton on loan from Championship club Barnsley .
Phil Halsall was suspended on full pay in August pending the outcome of a disciplinary investigation into a Â£5m tendering contract . Mr Halsall , who took up the role in 2011 , said the decision to leave `` has not been an easy one '' . The Labour-led council 's leader Jennifer Mein said she wished him `` the best of luck for the future '' . Mr Halsall was neutrally suspended as chief executive while an investigation into the tendering of a fleet contract is being conducted . The deal to run the council 's fleet services was agreed in April by the former Conservative administration . It was awarded to BT and One Connect Ltd , a partnership between BT and the council . The continuing probe followed an independent review of the tender process . Mr Halsall has denied any wrong-doing and has previously said he was `` vigorously '' pursuing his reinstatement . He joined Lancashire County Council in 2009 as executive director of resources and took up the role of chief executive in 2011 . He said he had `` enjoyed my time in Lancashire '' .	The suspended chief executive of Lancashire County Council has left the authority by `` mutual consent '' .
The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors ( Rics ) said the market in Scotland during April mirrored the trend seen across the UK . There was a drop in new instructions last month and 4 % of survey respondents saw a fall in new buyer inquiries . Meanwhile , tenant demand rose `` moderately '' in the lettings market . Rics said there was anecdotal evidence in Scotland that the lack of choice and uncertainty around the early general election and Brexit were all factors continuing to affect the market . However , there are predictions that all parts of the UK will see a growth in house prices over the next 12 months . Gail Hunter , Rics regional director for Scotland , said : `` Feedback from surveyors suggests ongoing uncertainty surrounding the forthcoming general election and the terms of Brexit . `` Rics has been clear that both the UK and Scottish governments must bring forward clear , evidence-based positions on how Scotland 's relationship with the rest of the UK and the European Union will develop . This would go some way to offsetting the uncertainty being reported . ''	A lack of available stock is continuing to hamper the Scottish housing market despite a rise in sales prices , according to a survey .
The FTSE 100 had been up more than 40 points at one point , but finished 5 points lower at 6,100 . Mining stocks saw the biggest losses , with Glencore down 5 % and Anglo American dropping 4.5 % . The top rises included High Street stalwart Marks & Spencer and Primark owner AB Foods , both up about 3 % . Investors were cautious before a speech from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen due later in the day . Markets will be examining Ms Yellen 's comments for clues as to when the Fed might next raise interest rates .	( Close ) : After a strong start to the day , the FTSE 100 fell back to close little-changed , with mining stocks weighing on the market .
Suarez Navarro could have passed Konta by winning the Kremlin Cup but retired with a wrist injury in round two . Konta is in line to take the eighth and final place at the season-ending event , but the Briton is not competing this week as she recovers from injury . Find out how to get into tennis in our special guide . Kuznetsova , who needs to win the Kremlin Cup , beat Alize Cornet 6-4 7-5 . The Russian , who is the defending champion , will play Hungary 's Timea Babos in the quarter-finals on Thursday . `` I try not to think about it , '' said Kuznetsova . `` It 's a tough goal - I have to win the Kremlin Cup , meaning it 's a long way to go . I will do my best . '' Konta , 25 , is eighth in the Singapore standings following the withdrawal of world number two Serena Williams , but it is not clear whether the Briton would be fit to play should she qualify .	Johanna Konta can only be overtaken by Svetlana Kuznetsova in the race to qualify for the WTA Finals , after Carla Suarez Navarro 's hopes ended in Moscow .
More than 200 nominations were made to the Royal Town Planning Institute ( RTPI ) Cymru for the competition that also recognises town planners in shaping communities . Finalists include Aberaeron in Ceredigion , Caernarfon in Gwynedd , Cardiff Bay and Tenby in Pembrokeshire . The public vote closes on 30 September . Also in the final are Denbigh in Denbighshire , Gower in Swansea , The Hayes in Cardiff , Llandudno Promenade and High Street , Conwy , Merthyr Tydfil town centre and Snowdonia . The finalist were announced at the National Eisteddfod in Abergavenny . RTPI Cymru chairman Peter Lloyd said : `` The competition has reminded us of the passion we have for places we love . `` The finalists , places clearly loved by the public , have been protected , carefully planned or improved by the planning system . ''	Organisers of a competition to find Wales ' most attractive and inspiring places has announced 10 finalists .
It follows the death of a woman on Bridge Street , Guildford , on Saturday when a 4x4 vehicle mounted the pavement , hitting pedestrians . Two other pedestrians and the Land Rover Defender driver were injured . Raising the pavement , installing speed cameras and setting a 20mph limit are among the measures demanded . The petition calls on Guildford Borough Council and Surrey County Council to `` forget about the financial cost and think about the human cost '' . Bridge Street is described as a main pedestrian thoroughfare between the university/train station and town centre . The petition was started by Joe Hudson , who tweeted : `` Bridge Street is dangerous . The pavement is far too narrow for a road with that much pedestrian traffic . Widen it @ GuildfordBC ! ! '' The pedestrian who died was a woman in her 30s . Her next of kin has been informed but she has yet to be formally identified . On Monday , the leader of Guildford Borough Council , Paul Spooner , said the accident was `` tragic and saddening '' . `` Although we do n't know if the road layout contributed , the Town Centre Masterplan includes options for improving transport and pedestrian movements around the station area and Bridge Street , '' he said .	More than 2,600 people have signed a petition urging councillors to take action to cut the number of incidents on a `` horrendously busy '' Surrey road .
Comber-based TG Eakin Limited exports its products to more than 40 countries . The company said the new posts would pay `` well in excess of the average Northern Ireland salary '' . The new extension , if given the go-ahead by Ards and North Down Council , would be the firm 's second increase in floor space in as many years . `` We want to continue to invest in our premises at Ballystockart and bring jobs to the area , '' said managing director Jeremy Eakin . `` We need to recruit highly-skilled people in areas such as research and development , global sales and engineering . '' TG Eakin Limited currently employs more than 70 people .	A County Down medical equipment maker has submitted plans for a £1.5m factory expansion and aims to create 30 new jobs , if the proposal is approved .
The Ulster University economists expect business investment will be delayed or cancelled as a result of policy uncertainty around the Brexit process . However , they predict that consumer spending will remain solid , allowing the economy to avoid recession . They caution the effects of Brexit and a Trump presidency mean `` significant uncertainty '' for forecasts . The economists believe that as greater certainty emerges , growth rates will increase towards the end of this decade . They expect the growth rate for 2016 to be just under 2 % , which by recent standards is a reasonable performance . The forecasts also predict that UK inflation will increase sharply to more than 3 % in 2017 and will reach 4 % in 2019 . In response , they expect interest rates to rise from their historic lows and reach 3 % by 2019 .	The Northern Ireland economy will grow by just 1 % in both 2017 and 2018 , economists forecast .
2 December 2016 Last updated at 13:16 GMT So we could n't resist showing you this newborn polar bear cub and his sleeping mum , Giovannia . The healthy cub was born at Munich Zoo in Germany but mother and bear baby will be staying snuggled up until after winter . Then they will emerge and members of the public will be able to see the new arrival . Watch the video to catch a sneak peak of the sleepy bears .	Everyone loves a cute baby animal and here at Newsround we are no exception .
The 21-year-old , who has yet to play for the Baggies , spent last season on loan in League Two at Mansfield . `` We feel he will settle into our football club very quickly , '' said U 's boss Shaun Derry . `` He compliments the players we already have in that department of the field , with his major attributes being his pace and power . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	West Bromwich Albion central defender Kyle Howkins has joined League Two Cambridge United on a six-month loan .
Jan Jedrzejewski , 41 , died in hospital after being found on Keene Street , Lliswerry , last Thursday at 23:00 GMT . Richard Wallis , 43 , Shaquile Crosdale , 18 , and Callum Banton , 18 , were charged with murder and remanded in custody at Newport Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday . A boy , aged 17 , appeared separately and was remanded in youth custody . All four will go before the city 's crown court on Wednesday .	Three Newport men and a youth have appeared in court charged with the murder of a Polish man found unconscious on a street .
The games , across 10 different categories , were given the full BBC Sport FA Cup treatment , with live text coverage on Saturday and Sunday . Teams who were successful over the three days of action will play in semi-finals weekend on 27-28 February . Semi-final victors will compete in the finals in March in hope of winning tickets to the FA Cup final at Wembley . There were so many inspiring stories : from the team made up of African students in Portsmouth , the Shakespearean rapper who helped turn his life around through football , how Jan found Walking Football after a bad injury , and Marcus , who gathered a team together at the very last minute . You will be able to watch a special highlights programme featuring the best of the first-round action and stories on the red button on Saturday , 30 January at 13:00 GMT - straight after Football Focus . Here are just a few images from the hundreds that were taken at the weekend . You can find more by searching # PeoplesCup on social media .	More than 35,000 people took part in the FA People 's Cup first round at 120 different centres at the weekend .
The midfielder was injured by an Enzo Perez tackle after 14 minutes of the 3-2 win and left on a stretcher . He could miss the rest of the Champions League group games and is definitely out of the match at Manchester City on 1 November . Barca won thanks to a late Lionel Messi penalty , his second goal of the game . Luis Enrique ' side , who went top with the win , are also going to be without Iniesta 's fellow Spain internationals Gerard Pique and Jordi Alba through injury for the City game .	Barcelona captain Andres Iniesta will be out for six to eight weeks after injuring knee ligaments in the dramatic win over Valencia .
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 30 September and 7 October . Send your photos to scotlandpictures @ bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at # bbcscotlandpics .	All pictures are copyrighted .
Craig Perkins had initially denied being involved in the attacks in Bournemouth 's Boundary Road in September and December of last year . But on Wednesday at Bournemouth Crown Court he pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault . The 29-year-old , of Victoria Park Road , Bournemouth , has been remanded in custody and will be sentenced on 5 May . Police said the victims were both in their 20s - the first was assaulted on Tuesday 13 September and the second attack happened on Thursday 24 November . Perkins was arrested on 14 December . Det Ch Insp Sarah Derbyshire , of Dorset Police 's major crime investigation team , said : `` Stranger sex attacks such as these are very rare in Dorset and we are committed toward investigating them thoroughly and bringing the offender to justice . `` The victims in this case have been updated about Perkins ' guilty pleas and I would like to pay tribute to them for having the confidence to report these offences to Dorset Police and the assistance they have given to the investigation team . `` I would also like to thank those members of the public who went to the victims ' aid at the time of the incidents and helped officers with their investigations . ''	A man has admitted sexually assaulting two women in the same street two months apart .
The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) is expanding efforts to source technology that can detect small , unmanned aerial vehicles near airports . Three British companies developed the Anti-UAV Defense System ( Auds ) , due to be included in new trials . It works by jamming signals to drones , making them unresponsive . A thermal imaging camera allows the Auds operator to target the unwanted drone before signal jamming , via a high-powered radio signal , is activated . Auds was designed by Enterprise Control Systems , Blighter Surveillance Systems and Chess Dynamics . `` Sometimes people fly drones in an unsafe manner , '' said Marke `` Hoot '' Gibson , an FAA senior adviser . `` Government and industry share responsibility for keeping the skies safe , and we 're pleased these three companies have taken on this important challenge . '' The technology will be tested at several airports to be selected by the FAA . Two other firms - Gryphon Sensors LLC and Sensofusion , both US-based - will also take part .	A UK-developed system capable of jamming signals to small drones is to be trialled by the US aviation authority .
The 21-year-old left-back has returned to the UK after two years in Italy with ACF Brescia and then AGSM Verona . Williams won Serie A and the Coppa Italia while with Brescia , having opted to leave England to play full-time football abroad . She has won international honours up to England Under-23 level and was an FA Cup finalist in 2014 with Everton . Williams is Birmingham City manager Marc Skinner 's third signing ahead of the Women 's Super League Spring Series , after Ellen White and Sarah Mayling joined the club . They begin their campaign at home to Sunderland Ladies on 23 April . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Birmingham City Ladies have signed Paige Williams on a deal until May 2018 subject to international clearance .
21 April 2016 Last updated at 16:43 BST It is a dark and violent story about a man 's fight to become king . Author Michael Rosen tells you everything you need to know in under three minutes .	Macbeth , or the Scottish play as it is sometimes known , is one of Shakespeare 's most famous works .
Three of the Brewers ' summer signings - Kyle McFadzean , Chris O'Grady and Ben Turner - have second-tier experience . Only three other members of their squad , Callum Reilly , Stephen Bywater and Tom Naylor , have featured for Championship teams in the past . `` The more we can add to the squad the better , '' Mousinho told BBC Radio Derby . `` We 've lost a few defenders so we 're looking to strengthen there and Championship and Premier League experience is going to be huge for us . '' Nigel Clough 's side clinched a second successive promotion last season after finishing second in League One - reaching the second tier of English football for the first time in their history . `` We 've added a few bits of real experience from the Championship and that bodes well . If you look at players who come in and they have got that experience , it 's brilliant to learn from as well , '' Mousinho continued . `` There are always going to be things we can improve on but as things get closer to the start of the season and we start to prepare then we 're going to look at sharpening our game . ''	Burton Albion captain John Mousinho says recruiting players who have played in the Championship will be key to their prospects this season .
England were 16-12 ahead after the first quarter before the 2014 Commonwealth Games bronze medallists hit back and led 31-27 at half-time . Jamaica then went up a level after the break to win comfortably at London 's Copper Box Arena . The next game is on Friday at Belle Vue in Manchester and the final match is at Coventry 's Ricoh Arena on Sunday .	England 's netball team suffered a 66-49 loss to Jamaica in the first of three matches between the teams .
Mohammed Uddin , from Barking in east London , travelled to Syria in November 2014 but was detained for not having any travel documents when he returned to Turkey on 12 December . The 29-year-old was stopped by counter terrorism officers when he arrived at Gatwick Airport on 22 December 2014 . He pleaded guilty to one charge of preparing acts for terrorism . Sussex Police said security checks had led officers to suspect Uddin , of Wilmington Gardens , Barking , had been involved in terrorist-related activity . He was also found to be in possession of extremist material . Assistant Chief Constable Laura Nicholson , who leads counter-terrorism across the South-East , said `` proactive work of Gatwick Airport port officers '' had led to the capture of Uddin . Sue Hemming of the Crown Prosecution Service said it had been `` very clear '' Uddin had `` meticulously planned his trip '' . `` Online searches had been carried out relating to 'Islamic State fighting ' , which strongly implied a more sinister purpose to his trip , '' she said . Uddin was sentenced at Woolwich Crown Court on Tuesday .	A man who travelled to Syria to fight with the so-called Islamic State has been jailed for seven years .
South Africa-born Du Preez , 25 , became eligible to represent Scotland last month after completing three years of residency in the country . Edinburgh team-mate John Hardie is a doubt after suffering concussion during the defeat by Australia at the weekend . Lock Richie Gray will be monitored after he too suffered a head knock . Glasgow number eight Ryan Wilson was forced off with a laceration to the ankle in the early stages of the 23-22 defeat at Murrayfield but is expected to be in contention to face the Pumas . Hardie 's hopes of recovering in time for the second of Scotland 's autumn Tests are further diminished by knee and ankle sprains he picked up before being substituted in the 61st minute against the Wallabies .	Uncapped Edinburgh back row forward Cornell du Preez has been called into the Scotland squad for Saturday 's Test against Argentina at Murrayfield .
President Michael D Higgins will be the first Irish head of state to call on Holyrood since the parliament was established . He has been invited to attend by presiding officer Ken Macintosh . As well as addressing MSPs in the chamber of the parliament , President Higgins will take part in a reception for MSPs and members of the Irish community in Scotland . Mr Macintosh said : `` It is a great honour to welcome President Higgins to Scotland on behalf of all members of the parliament . `` Our two countries share much in common , including a long history of family , social and cultural bonds . As well as celebrating these historic ties , President Higgins ' visit will focus on the future and how we can further strengthen the links between us . `` There is great anticipation at Holyrood around the President 's visit to Scotland and I 'm very much looking forward to welcoming him to parliament . ''	The Irish president is to visit the Scottish Parliament on Wednesday .
An attempted murder investigation has been launched after the 16-year-old was found in Wayford Close in Meole Brace . Police want to trace a group of up to four men , including one in a green t-shirt , who were seen running away from the area at 21:45 BST on Monday . The teenager is being treated in hospital while Wayford Close and Stapleton Road remain cordoned off . More on this and other stories from Shropshire DCI Paul Moxley said : `` This is thought to be a targeted attack and we have no reason to believe there is any wider threat to the community . '' `` A concerned member of the public found the boy on the floor , they called the ambulance service who called us , '' he said . `` The individual 's family are at the hospital - they 're a large family , '' he added .	A teenager is in a critical condition after being stabbed in a Shrewsbury street in a `` targeted attack '' .
Steven Ngolo was serving a sentence for cannabis dealing at Thameside Prison when Olamide Fasina , 25 , was stabbed in October 2014 , the Old Bailey heard . Ngolo exploited a `` flaw '' in the jail 's system to communicate with gang members on a phone meant for family calls . He was jailed for three years for conspiracy to cause actual bodily harm . Two other men were also jailed . Louis Henry , 22 , of Greenwich , who was cleared of murder but convicted of manslaughter , was jailed for 12 years . Alvin Ansah-Baaphy , 23 , of Old Dover Road , south-east London , was jailed for three years for conspiracy to cause actual bodily harm . Mr Fasina , who was also known as Trigger , was stabbed in his chest , stomach and arm during the attack in a street in Thamesmead on 14 October . The attack was in retribution for a robbery on a low level drugs runner . The prosecution said the Serco-run category B prison was `` really quite hopeless '' as staff did not check whether one of Ngolo 's co-defendants was his cousin or brother as he had falsely claimed , the court heard . The jury heard phone conversations recorded by the prison in which Ngolo encouraged an attack on Mr Fasina .	A drug dealer has been jailed for encouraging a fatal revenge attack from a phone in his prison cell .
About 40kg ( 88lbs ) of what is believed to be class A drugs were found in the Ford Connect van stopped by police near junction nine at 12:15 GMT on Tuesday . Officers also searched an address in Borehamwood in Hertfordshire and seized three firearms and a `` substantial '' amount of cash . A man has been charged with possession of cocaine with intent to supply . More on this and other stories from Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire	Drugs with an estimated street value of £2m were recovered from a van on the M1 in Bedfordshire , police said .
The 23-year-old , who mostly played for the second XI in 2016 , featured in two first-team T20 Blast matches . The seamer has played in 15 T20 internationals and two one-day games for the Netherlands . `` He 's shown he offers something a bit different , '' director of cricket Matt Maynard told Somerset 's website . `` We look forward to having him here with us for at least the next two seasons . ''	Netherlands bowler Paul van Meekeren has been rewarded with a two-year deal at Somerset following an initial three-month contract with the county .
The woman was walking close to the university campus entrance on Upper Redlands Road shortly after midnight when police said she was approached by a `` small group of men '' . Officers said she was raped in a small wooded area nearby . She later walked away from the scene . Anyone who saw anything suspicious is asked to contact police .	A group of men are being sought by police after a 19-year-old woman was raped in Reading .
20 May 2015 Last updated at 16:54 BST Although under the de facto administrative control of Morocco , the status and sovereignty of Western Sahara remains unresolved , with the Algerian-backed Polisario Front in exile . Here Brann Thorpe talks about the work he produced in collaboration with a military commander . Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe	Photographer Simon Brann Thorpe 's pictures from the Western Sahara explore a conflict that has been forgotten , yet has lasted for 40 years , with no sign of a resolution .
The skeletons of up to 28 individuals , discovered in 2013 , have been dated to 1650 , and are believed to be captives from the Battle of Dunbar . Thousands of Scottish prisoners were marched south , and many died while at Durham Castle and Cathedral . A public event seeking feedback on reburial and commemoration will be held at Durham Castle at 20:00 GMT . There will also be a chance to find out more about the project from the archaeological team involved . It follows a similar event in Dunbar , where many of the soldiers would have come from . Professor Chris Gerrard , head of archaeology at Durham University , said : `` We want to give people in Durham and the North East an opportunity to hear more about something which is part of their history and heritage and to have a say on what happens next . `` Durham Castle is a fitting location for our second public event as ... the individuals we found were buried in what would have been , in the mid-17th Century , the bottom of the Castle garden . ''	The fate of remains found in a mass grave in Durham is to be discussed at a public event in the city .
9 June 2017 Last updated at 15:03 BST He 's thought to have broken the World Record for the greatest top speed flown in a wingsuit . He used special kit to help him breathe and complete the jump safely . You can find out more about Fraser here . Fraser reached a speed of 249mph - this means he 's the fastest man in the world without the use of machinery . He 's now waiting for his record to be made official . Just watch him go ! Video courtesy of Jarno Cordia/Fujitsu	Check out British wingsuit jumper Fraser Corsan in action .
Officers found the items , including sunglasses , jewellery , clothes , and perfume , after raiding homes , businesses and storage units in the Strangeways area of Manchester . More than £270,000 in cash was also recovered , police said . A man , 44 , and a woman , 35 , were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud , money laundering and counterfeit and trademark offences . Both have been released pending further investigation . Det Insp Paul Walker said `` intelligence from our partners '' , which included Trading Standards , Visas and Immigration and the designer brands , led to the haul . Manchester has been identified by trading standards as a hotspot for the trade in fake goods .	Fake designer goods worth £8m have been seized in raids in Greater Manchester .
He was elected in October after huge anti-corruption demonstrations that led to the prosecution of a former president and vice-president . Mr Morales has no previous experience in government . In his inaugural address , he promised to fight against corruption . US Vice-President Joe Biden attended the ceremony . It was the first time in 30 years that such a high-ranking American official was present at a Guatemalan inauguration . In a wide-ranging speech , Mr Morales praised the anti-corruption movement and said Guatemala was going through a `` renaissance '' . He also promised money for health and education . `` We want quality education for everyone , which prepares our children for a modern technical world . '' His critics said President Morales gave few clues as to how he was going to fight corruption and how he was going to deal with Guatemala 's high levels of violence , poverty and social inequality . Last week legal proceedings began against an aide to Mr Morales who is suspected of human rights abuses related to Guatemala 's long and bloody armed conflict which ended in 1996 . Fourteen former military officers - many supporters of Mr Morales 's party - were arrested on similar charges . Mr Morales has denied links to the former military officials .	Guatemalan former TV comedian Jimmy Morales has been inaugurated as the country 's new president .
The 29-year-old experienced discomfort during Sri Lanka 's second ODI victory against Ireland on Saturday and was placed under observation . His condition was stable in hospital and he was discharged on Monday . However he will not play in the ODI series with England after his action was deemed illegal over the weekend . Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews said : `` We are very confident he will come through both - his condition as well as his action . '' Eranga has taken 21 wickets in 19 ODI matches since his debut in 2011 and played in all three matches in the Test series with England , which the home side won 2-0 . The ODI series between England and Sri Lanka begins at Trent Bridge on Tuesday . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Sri Lanka seamer Shaminda Eranga has been released from hospital in Dublin after tests for an elevated heartbeat revealed nothing abnormal .
Scottish cities hosted protests against US President Donald Trump 's travel ban on Monday night and some of the protesters brought a distinctly Scottish touch to their banners . The largest demonstrations were in Glasgow and Edinburgh with protesters also gathering in Aberdeen and Dundee . Mr Trump has halted the entire US refugee programme for 120 days and suspended the visas of all nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries . His executive order , signed on Friday , also indefinitely banned Syrian refugees from the US . Thousands of Scots took to the streets , many with home-made signs and a healthy dose of Scottish humour .	.
The findings of a serious case review from the city council 's safeguarding board will be revealed next week . But Labour MP for Coventry North West Geoffrey Robinson told the commons that was not enough . Daniel 's mother Magdelena Luczak and Mariusz Krezolek were jailed for life for the boy 's murder last month . Mr Robinson said outsiders needed to investigate what went wrong . Daniel died from a head injury in March 2012 . He weighed just over a stone-and-a-half at the time . Luczak and Krezolek were convicted of murder and ordered to serve a minimum of 30 years .	The government is being urged to order an independent inquiry into the case of four-year-old Daniel Pelka , who was killed by his mother and her partner .
Anna Swabey , 25 , from Newton Aycliffe , County Durham , was given three months to live in 2015 . Shortly after , she met Andy Bell , 26 , on a dating app . The pair were due to marry on Saturday in the Yorkshire Dales . Miss Swabey launched a fundraising appeal for Brain Tumour Research which has raised more than Â£70,000 . Her mother , Linda , said : `` Our darling Anna would have been so proud to see how her story has touched so many people around the world . `` We have been overwhelmed at the messages of love and the donations which have been made in our daughter 's memory . `` Many have come from people she never met but who have been affected by her story . '' Mrs Swabey added : `` We are determined to continue the work she started . If there is one good thing to come of this tragedy , we hope that Anna will have achieved her fundraising goal in order to help others . '' Following her diagnosis , Miss Swabey described her treatment in a blog she called Inside my Head . In her final post on 8 July , she said chemotherapy had left her feeling unwell but added her spirits had been lifted by her hen party in York .	The family of a blogger killed by brain cancer the day before she was to marry say they have been touched by tributes from well-wishers across the globe .
Officers were called to reports of a robbery in Grove Road , Kings Heath , Birmingham , just after 22:00 GMT on Sunday . West Midlands Police says two men threatened a woman before driving off in her white Mercedes A-Class car . The woman was shaken but not injured . Officers say a dedicated operation is in place to address a recent spike in car robberies in the area . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country area here The men are described as black , with one about 5ft 10in ( 1.8m ) tall , of slim build and wearing a green and white mask . The car - registration KW65 AXK - has black wing mirrors and black alloy wheels , police said . Last month a woman was attacked in Kings Heath with a stun device during a carjacking - the sixth such attack in as many days . Det Sgt Toni Holl , from the investigation team at Bournvillle Lane police station , said : `` We have a dedicated operation in place to address the recent spike in car robberies and have arrested several people . `` Four of those - including two youths aged 14 - have since been charged and put before the courts . `` We do not believe Sunday 's incident is linked to these offences . ''	A man wearing a mask targeted a woman in a carjacking , police said .
Welsh duo Dan Salmon and Damian Doubler are up against fellow countryman Jason Greenslade , who partners Englishman Les Gillett in the pairs world title final . Salmon and Doubler beat Jamie Chestney and Mark Davies 7-8 , 9-1 , 1-2 to reach the final . Greenslade and Gillett saw off David Gourlay and Mervyn King 8-4 , 3-7 , 1-2 to set up their title chance .	Wales will have at least one new men 's indoor bowls world champion on Monday at Hopton-on-Sea , Norfolk .
The winger helped Great Britain win the World Cup in 1954 , at the age of 20 , and again in 1960 . He set the record for the most GB caps with 46 - later equalled by Garry Schofield - and scored 41 tries . His club career saw him play for Huddersfield , Wigan - with whom he won the Challenge Cup in 1958 and 1959 , St Helens and York , whom he also coached . Sullivan was also part of Wigan 's Championship-winning team of 1960 and later played in Australia , serving as captain and coach of Junee in the Group 9 competition in southern New South Wales from 1966-68 . One of only 25 members of the Rugby League Hall of Fame , Sullivan was last week admitted to Pinderfields Hospital in Wakefield , where he died on Tuesday . Schofield tweeted : `` Very sad news . Rest in peace , legend . ''	Two-time World Cup winner Mick Sullivan has died at the age of 82 after a long illness .
Deverdics drilled in a 20-yard strike after Halifax failed to clear a corner in the eighth minute . Jordan Burrow almost salvaged a point for the Shaymen late on when he headed against the bar . Dover leapfrog Tranmere into fourth place , while Halifax drop to 22nd , a point off safety .	Nicky Deverdics ' goal proved enough to secure victory at home to relegation-threatened Halifax and keep Dover in National League play-off contention .
On Thursday , a report citing a source within Apple said suppliers in Taiwan should expect fewer orders . The pace of iPhone sales has slowed , particularly in Asia , and there are no major new product releases scheduled . The tech giant is vying with Google 's parent firm , Alphabet , for the title of the world 's most valuable company . Alphabet claimed the most valuable company spot in February after reporting its 2015 financial results , but had fallen back below Apple in the following weeks . Shares of Apple have been falling since April after the company 's first-quarter earning report showed slowing demand . `` People are getting negative data points about component orders and production forecasts , and the features on the new iPhone do not seem to be a big change from the 6S , '' said Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang . Apple 's stock price fell 3.3 % to $ 89.47 during afternoon trading , leaving its market valuation at $ 494bn . However , it later recovered slightly , closing 2.4 % down at $ 90.34 .	Shares of Apple have fallen below $ 90 ( £62 ) for the first time in nearly two years amid investors ' concerns about slumping sales of iPhones .
Heavy rain affected parts of Scotland during the morning , although it eased off by the afternoon . Forecasters said there was a possibility of localised flooding and disruption . Sepa has flood warnings in place for parts of the Borders and Tayside while an alert is in place for Dumfries and Galloway . The Met Office said : `` Please be aware of the risk of localised flooding and disruption , with the situation remaining sensitive in some areas affected by recent flooding . '' A further warning of rain has been put in place for Wednesday evening into Thursday with the heaviest downpours expected over the Southern Uplands and southern and central Highlands . A warning of strong winds for the same period also covers the Highlands .	The Met Office has issued a yellow warning of rain for south-west Scotland , valid until 18:00 on Tuesday .
Gobinda Chinweefat , 26 , was arrested near the scene of a burglary in Didsbury , Manchester , on Friday night . A short time later , he complained of chest pains and police called an ambulance to take him to hospital . While driving along Kingsway , Mr Chinweefat opened the ambulance doors and jumped out . Greater Manchester Police said he could be seriously hurt . Det Insp Kevin Marriott said the ambulance had been travelling at between 20 and 30mph ( 40 to 48km/h ) when Mr Chinweefat jumped out . He landed on his back but immediately got up and ran away through a tunnel linking Kingsway to Brailsford Road . `` We are making every effort to find him , '' said Det Insp Marriott `` Mr Chinweefat was also complaining of chest pains and we are concerned that he may need medical attention for this or any injuries sustained in his escape . `` He is not to be approached by members of the public but if anyone sees him or knows of his whereabouts , please contact GMP . ''	A man arrested on suspicion of burglary is on the run after he jumped out of a moving ambulance .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 8 September 2015 Last updated at 06:33 BST	The BBC 's economics editor Robert Peston examines the distinctive economic ideas of Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn .
The blaze started at the detached building in Drivers End in Codicote , near Welwyn , during the morning . There was another fire at the building 20 years ago , after which fire-proof foil was placed under the thatch , which is protecting the main building . More than 15 fire engines and support vehicles were called to tackle the blaze . Roads in the area were closed and traffic diverted .	A major fire has been burning in the thatched roof of a large property in Hertfordshire .
Now trained by trained by Henry de Bromhead , the 2-1 favourite made it a fifth success in the race for the owners , the Gigginstown Stud . Once the seven-year-old passed long-time leader Silviniaco Conti , the result was never in doubt . Galway Plate winner Lord Scoundrel was third in the three-mile feature . Walsh had retained the ride on Valseur Lido , who was switched from Willie Mullins ' stable in September . British raiders Silviniaco Conti and The Last Samuri set the pace until Valseur Lido cruised into contention . He quickly put the race to bed and had 11 lengths to spare over the 10-year-old Silviniaco Conti . Don Poli , was pulled up , while the Noel Meade-trained Monksland fell five out . Walsh said : `` He travelled super , he jumped super , but he did n't do anything that he has n't done in the past . ''	Ruby Walsh rode Valseur Lido to victory over seven-time Grade One winner Silviniaco Conti in the JNwine.com Champion Chase at Down Royal .
Stephen Street , 32 , of Prestatyn , Denbighshire , was told he had taken advantage of a woman in her sleep . He denied sexual assault but was found guilty by a jury . He was jailed by Judge David Hale at Mold Crown Court on Thursday and ordered to register with the police as a sex offender for life . Street had been allowed to sleep on the downstairs sofa at the victim 's home following a party , the earlier trial heard . The victim , a woman from Deeside , told the court she was woken up by a man biting her neck and sexually touching her . She thought it was her fiance asleep beside her and was `` horrified '' when she woke up properly to find Street had got into the other side of her bed . Street 's DNA was found on her neck and her DNA was found under the fingernails of his left hand .	A man who sexually assaulted a young woman as she slept in bed with her fiance has been jailed for six years .
It happened around 12:00 on Croft Street near to Greenbank Street . Police are looking for a man who was wearing a dark grey hooded top and ran down Greenbank Street in the direction of the Croft Street flats carrying the beige handbag . Officers want anyone who witnessed the robbery to contact them .	An 85-year-old woman was seriously hurt when she was assaulted and robbed in Galashiels on Saturday .
The Deadpool star had been visiting 13-year-old Connor McGrath of Edmonton for past three years through the Make a Wish Foundation . Reynolds and Connor bonded over Connor 's favourite superhero Deadpool . `` We met because he loved Deadpool . In a certain sense he WAS Deadpool , '' Reynolds wrote . `` Or , at least everything Deadpool aspires to be ; balancing pain , fearlessness , love and a filthy ( filthy ! ) sense of humour in one body . I wish he could 've stuck around a lot longer . '' In the comic books , Wade Wilson is a cancer patient who undergoes an experimental treatment to become the foul-mouthed anti-hero Deadpool . Earlier this year , Reynolds arranged for Connor to see an early version of Deadpool before it was released in cinemas . `` Before you jump down my throat for showing a 13-year-old an R-Rated film , '' Reynolds wrote on Facebook . `` Please know this kid knew more swear words than a British chef . ''	Actor Ryan Reynolds has written an emotional goodbye to a young Canadian fan who died of cancer earlier this week .
Merseyside Police said he was found on Okell Drive , Halewood at about 21:00 GMT on Monday . He was taken to hospital where his condition is described as critical but stable . Two boys - aged 16 and 17 from Huyton - and a 17-year-old boy from Kirkby are all being questioned by police . Although the investigation is in its early stages , officers believe there was a fight between two groups of local youths which resulted in three teenagers being injured . The two other boys were not seriously injured , and are recovering at home after being taken to hospital .	Three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed in the chest during a fight .
Staffline bought Brightwork , which runs offices in Glasgow and Edinburgh , for an undisclosed sum . Brightwork specialises in temporary and permanent jobs in the drinks , warehousing , manufacturing and distribution sectors . Staffline said the acquisition was part of a drive to develop its business in Scotland . Staffline chief executive Andy Hogarth said : `` We have been increasing our capability in Scotland in recent years and this acquisition will accelerate the growth of both businesses as it provides scale , as well as greater geographic coverage and value-added services . `` We can offer our clients a greater national service . '' Staffline , which was established in 1986 , specialises in logistics , e-retail , manufacturing , driving , food processing and white collar recruitment . Its portfolio of more than 1,600 clients includes major supermarket chains , logistics and distribution centres and customer service organisations .	Scottish recruitment agency Brightwork has been acquired by a Nottingham-based staffing group .
Richard Gray , 36 , pleaded guilty to possessing an imitation firearm with intent to cause fear of violence near Heene and St Mary 's Primary Schools in Worthing . He previously denied the charge , but changed his plea when he appeared at Hastings Magistrates ' Court earlier . Gray of Cortis Avenue , was remanded in custody for sentencing on 29 June . He also admitted possessing a knife in Worthing 's Victoria Park . Police said a man had reported being shown a firearm close to Victoria Park and Norfolk Street in Worthing , at 14.15 BST on 8 May . Later the same day a woman said she was shown a gun in a bag in Stoke Abbott Road at 21:10 BST . Gray will be sentenced at Crawley Magistrates ' Court .	A man armed with a plastic gun and knife has admitted approaching primary schools to scare people .
Skye Events for All ( Seall ) is based at the isle 's Gaelic college , Sabhal MÃ²r Ostaig . It has secured Â£55,000 from the National Lottery through Creative Scotland 's Open Project Fund . Seall runs FÃ¨is an Eilein , the two-month Skye Festival which takes place this year between 4 July and 25 August . At the end of October , Seall co-produces the Skye Swing Jazz Festival with local record producers FOTS Records . Duncan MacInnes , Seall 's director , said : `` With this funding from Creative Scotland , we will be able to create the high level of administration our programme needs . `` We have relied on a lot of volunteer support for years and , because of this , often miss out on artistic and fundraising opportunities . '' He added : `` Our application to Creative Scotland followed on from a very successful Cultural Tourism Project we delivered two years ago and our current Cultural Economies report . `` We will now able to pursue new funding opportunities and develop our programme of events and workshops . This will reach new audiences and enhance the reputation of the area as a major centre of cultural activity . ''	An organisation that promotes live performing arts on the Isle of Skye has been awarded key funding towards its work this year .
The overnight attack took place near the hotel where the observers are based in the rebel-held eastern city of Donetsk . The observers are monitoring a fragile ceasefire between government forces and Russian-backed separatists . But violence against them has increased in recent weeks . The cars were set on fire early on Sunday morning , causing reinforced glass on their windows to crack and paint to peel off . Ukrainian military spokesman Oleksandr Motuzyanyk blamed the attack on rebel `` partners in crime '' , while the separatists said on their official website that `` Ukrainian saboteurs '' were responsible for it . The incident follows two protests at the mission 's headquarters in Donetsk . OSCE vehicles were damaged on one of these occasions . OSCE officials said in a statement : `` There are , it seems , some who would like the OSCE to stop reporting on what is going on in Donetsk . '' The OSCE has more than 500 observers throughout Ukraine , two-thirds of whom are based in the east . The BBC 's David Stern in Kiev says they have come under increased pressure lately , and OSCE officials say they have been `` targeted '' . But they say they have no intention so far of stopping their monitoring mission .	Four armoured vehicles belonging to the OSCE in Ukraine have been destroyed in an apparent arson attack , the monitoring mission has said .
After a cagey first half Jamille Matt gave Argyle the lead as he rammed in his third goal in as many games . Exeter drew level with their first shot on target when Watkins drilled a shot into the bottom corner from 20 yards . But he topped that effort by blasting a brilliant shot into the top corner from 25 yards out to seal the win . The victory saw Exeter do a league double over Plymouth for the first time since the 2013-14 season . Argyle drop out of the top three on goal difference after Bristol Rovers ' comfortable 3-0 win over Crawley Town , while Exeter 's hopes of making the play-offs stay alive as they move up to 10th place , two points off a spot in the top seven .	League Two Player of the Month Ollie Watkins ' sensational stoppage-time winner saw Exeter City come from behind to beat Devon rivals Plymouth Argyle .
Clayton , who was first seed for the tournament in Nottingham , came from a set down to beat unseeded Joshua Sapwell 3-6 , 6-4 , 6-3 in the final . `` Was a great week and was happy to go out of junior tennis with a bang , '' he said on Twitter . The win comes just weeks after Clayton helped Great Britain to eighth place in the Under-18 European Summer Cup .	Jersey teenager Scott Clayton is celebrating after winning the Under-18s British National Tennis Championships .
The 35-year-old woman from Lincoln received serious injuries and was taken to hospital where she later died . Police said the crash happened on Friday at the junction of Skellingthorpe Road and Hemswell Avenue . It happened at 13:06 BST and led to the road being closed for a number of hours while officers carried out an investigation .	A cyclist has died following a crash with car in Lincoln .
Romero , 30 , joined United on a free transfer in 2015 after leaving Italian side Sampdoria . Argentina 's first-choice keeper , he started the World Cup final in 2014 and both Copa America final defeats by Chile in 2015 and 2016 . He was selected ahead of David de Gea for United 's Europa League final victory against Ajax in May . Romero has made 28 appearances in his two seasons at Old Trafford , although only six of them have come in the Premier League . The contract extension comes amid renewed speculation about a likely bid from Real Madrid for United 's first-choice keeper De Gea .	Manchester United goalkeeper Sergio Romero has signed a contract extension to 2021 .
Aftab Ahmed is charged with making threat to kill on the phone to David Robinson-Young during a conversation about the Middle East on 21 April . Mr Ahmed , 44 , of Winchcombe Place , Newcastle , was granted conditional bail until July by magistrates in the city . Mr Robinson-Young , 62 , is standing as a candidate in the constituency of Newcastle East .	A man has appeared in court to deny threatening to behead a UKIP election candidate in Newcastle .
The Croat , aged 37 and five months , beat Luxembourg 's Gilles Muller 6-7 ( 2-7 ) 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 7-6 ( 14-12 ) to claim his seventh career title . Marty Riessen won in Lafayette in 1979 , aged 37 years and nine months . At the French Open this year Karlovic became the oldest man for 25 years to reach the third round of a Grand Slam .	Ivo Karlovic became the oldest ATP Tour title winner for 37 years with victory in the Hall of Fame Championships in Newport , Rhode Island .
The announcement comes after director of rugby Ian Davies , who will leave at the end of the season , said he intended to finalise the squad this week . The Pirates currently sit eighth in the 12-team Championship . `` Tom had a bad injury last season but he 's certainly showing the form that he had at Redruth a good few years ago , '' Davies told BBC Radio Cornwall . `` He 's developing into a leader as well , and I would n't be surprised if , because of his age and physical attributes , a few Premiership teams take notice of him next year . ''	Back row forwards Tom Duncan and Matt Bolwell have signed new contracts with Championship side Cornish Pirates .
The honour recognises achievements and commitments to Wales , the Welsh language and their communities and they will be made honorary druids Recipients will be presented with their robes at special ceremonies on the eisteddfod field in Bodedern , on Anglesey . The eisteddfod runs from 4-12 August . The Wales football team 's assistant manager , Osian Roberts , who helped the team to reach the Euro 2016 semi-final , has already been named honorary president at this year 's festival . Individuals who have succeeded in the fields of law , science , sport , journalism , media , local and national activities will become honorary druids and will be presented with blue robes . The gorsedd also honours new members with green robes for their contribution to the arts .	Wales rugby star George North is among those who will be honoured by the Gorsedd of the Bards at this year 's National Eisteddfod .
Richard Bernard was found hurt outside his flat on Trocadero Court , in Derby , on 24 May and died shortly after . Hassan Daani , 29 , of Depot Street , in the Normanton area , is due to appear at Nottingham Crown Court on Thursday . Mohammed Ibrahim , 18 , of no fixed address , and Aaron White , 34 , of Moss Street , in Derby , are due to appear at the same court in September . Mr Bernard 's mother Nita , sister Claire and brother Andrew previously said in a statement : `` We are devastated to hear the tragic news about Richard , a very much loved son and brother . ''	A third man has been charged with the murder of a 51-year-old man who was stabbed in his home .
9 October 2015 Last updated at 08:50 BST It 's the first time that they have made it through to a major tournament in 30 years . Two goals from captain Steven Davis and one from substitute Josh Magennis helped them to the historic win . BBC Sport reporter Andy Swiss summed up the mood after the game .	Northern Ireland have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals after beating Greece 3-1 at Windsor Park .
The double-decker and Vauxhall Insignia collided on Petersburn Road , near Dunrobin Primary , Airdrie , at 08:40 . The pupils , from Caldervale High School , and a four-year-old girl who was in the car , were taken to Monklands and Wishaw Hospitals as a precaution . The 65-year-old bus driver and the 30-year-old car driver , both men , were not injured in the collision . It is thought that the 17 school pupils were being treated for minor injuries . There were no details of any injuries to the four-year-old girl . Petersburn Road remains closed while police investigate the crash . It is understood that the bus carrying the pupils was travelling from the Chapelhall area .	Up to 18 children have been taken to hospital after a school bus and a car crashed in North Lanarkshire .
Allied said the move would strengthen its market share in Scotland , particularly in the central belt . The combined firm will have 30 offices across Scotland , employing more than 160 staff and 36 directors , and an annual turnover of Â£10m . Murray and Muir 's 14 staff in Glasgow and Edinburgh will move to Allied offices . Allied chairman Grant Robertson said : `` We are delighted to announce this merger , which we believe signals a positive upturn in the Scottish property market reflected by the increasing demand for our surveying services and expertise . `` As we continue to grow our business , the strength of all our offices across Scotland , combined with Murray and Muir 's established network , particularly with solicitors , will ensure we are in a prime position to maximise opportunities and to continue to deliver a quality service to all our clients . '' Allied offers a full range of property services , including residential and commercial property valuations . Its main client base is composed of estate agents , banks , investors and developers .	Chartered surveyor firm Allied Surveyors Scotland has announced it is merging with rivals Murray and Muir .
Paul Pogba set up Mario Madzukic for the hosts ' opener in the first half . Lazio right-back Patric was then sent off for a second yellow card , before Dybala converted a penalty and finished from distance from a counter-attack . Juve 's 26th win of the season restored their nine-point lead over Napoli with four games remaining . Third-placed Roma moved to within five points of Napoli after a dramatic comeback courtesy of 39-year-old Francesco Totti . The Italian veteran came off the bench to score two late goals to help his side to a 3-2 victory over Torino . Roma have now opened up a seven-point lead over Inter Milan in the race for the final Champions League spot , after Milan lost 1-0 against Genoa . Elsewhere , Fiorentina lost 2-1 at Udinese and Chievo came from behind to thrash relegation-threatened Frosione 5-1 .	Paulo Dybla scored twice as Juventus edged closer to their fifth straight Serie A title with a comfortable win over 10-man Lazio .
Derbyshire were bowled out for 303 in their second innings at Derby . Essex began day four needing five more wickets for victory and Ravi Bopara ( 3-39 ) removed Callum Parkinson and Alex Mellor in the opening over . Charlie MacDonell ( 35 not out ) and Matt Critchley ( 43 ) resisted with an eighth-wicket stand of 72 but Graham Napier ( 4-50 ) wrapped up the win before lunch . Napier 's haul made him the first bowler to take 50 wickets in the County Championship this season . It is the first time the 36-year-old , who is retiring at the end of the season , has reached the milestone .	Essex strengthened their position at the top of Division Two by beating Derbyshire by an innings and 62 runs .
The plans , similar to those due to be introduced in the United Kingdom , could generate more than £1m for the public purse in its first year , he said . Money raised would help tackle obesity . The UK government has already confirmed it will push ahead with its plan to introduce a Soft Drinks Industry Levy ( SDIL ) from 1 April 2018 . There will be two bands in the UK - one for soft drinks with more than 5g of sugar per 100ml and a higher one for drinks with more than 8g per 100ml . In his maiden budget speech , Mr Cannan said government would invest the revenue in programmes to `` reduce childhood obesity and encourage physical activity and balanced diets '' . He predicted the tax take would fall over time as `` producers and consumers shift their behaviour '' away from high-sugar drinks . Mr Cannan said the Treasury was negotiating with the UK to avoid the `` headache of double taxation '' for local businesses and government . There will be an exemption for the smallest Manx producers and also businesses importing soft drinks from very small producers .	A so-called `` sugar tax '' on soft drinks will be introduced on the Isle of Man in April 2018 , Treasury Minister Alfred Cannan said in his budget speech .
The 30-year-old took 50 wickets in the County Championship last season at an average of 28.64 . Anyon joined Sussex ahead for the 2010 campaign and has taken 178 first-class wickets for the county . James Anyon has been a consistent performer for Sussex in the County Championship since joining in 2010 . `` I 'm delighted to have signed for another two years as I 'm really happy playing my cricket down here , '' he said . Anyon 's best bowling figures in 2013 came in the victory over champions Durham at Hove , in which he took 5-44 in the first innings . `` On a personal note I was pleased how the season went and hopefully I can help us to finish a couple of places higher in the Championship next season , '' the Lancaster-born paceman added . `` We 've got a really good squad together and I believe we 're capable of winning trophies . '' Sussex cricket manager Mark Robinson said he was delighted that Anyon had extended his stay with the club . `` He had a very good year last year and is a top professional who has the potential to get better with every year , '' Robinson said .	Sussex seam bowler James Anyon has signed a new two-year contract and will remain at the Hove-based club until the end of the 2015 season .
Arfon Jones was speaking amid claims of anti-social behaviour in Wrexham . He said issues at Benjamin Road started after people frequenting a site at nearby Capel y Groes church moved on . Wrexham council , which is consulting on a Public Space Protection Order ( PSPO ) in the town , said it was liaising with police about issues at Benjamin Road . Mr Jones said : `` I welcome any attempt by our local partnerships to address anti social behaviour in the town centre but I feel this order is only moving the problem on to other areas . '' The order would ban rough sleeping , drinking alcohol and taking drugs and other behaviour likely to `` be having , or likely to have , a detrimental effect on the quality of life of those in the locality '' . People would face a Â£100 fixed penalty fine or court action . Councillor Hugh Jones , lead member for communities and partnerships , said the council 's planned PSPO was not intended as a `` fix all '' solution and that wider help was needed from other agencies . `` I have been made aware of the developments at Benjamin Road and will be liaising with North Wales Police and our Streetscene department to address this , '' he said .	A legal order to stop people causing a nuisance in one place could move the problem elsewhere , said the new North Wales police and crime commissioner .
Frampton , 29 , announced the news on Twitter on Thursday but a date for the fight has not been revealed . The Northern Irishman beat Santa Cruz , 28 , in a thrilling fight in Brooklyn on 30 July . The points victory made Frampton the first Irishman to win world titles at two different weights . It is understood the rematch is likely to be staged in Las Vegas in late January . Earlier this month , Frampton 's trainer Shane McGuigan said talks had started about a possible world featherweight unification showdown with Welshman Lee Selby . Frampton , who had previously held the IBF and WBA super bantamweights titles , moved up a weight to take on the unbeaten Santa Cruz in New York . The classy Mexican was a strong favourite to retain his belt but Frampton delivered on the night for a famous victory . One judge saw the contest as a draw but the other two had Frampton as a clear victor . Frampton first became a world champion in September 2014 when beat Spain 's Kiko Martinez on a points decision in their IBF super bantamweight clash .	Belfast boxer Carl Frampton says a deal has been done for him to defend his WBA world featherweight title against former champion Leo Santa Cruz .
The bus was taken from outside Watford Junction station at about 22:00 BST on Thursday . Hertfordshire Police received a number of calls from the public as it was driven through the town . A 35-year-old man from London was arrested on suspicion of aggravated vehicle taking without consent . The bus travelled along roads including Clarendon Road , the Watford ring road and Radlett Road . It caused damage to a number of vehicles before coming to a stop in St Albans Road following a further crash . Sgt Steve Alison said : `` The bus is believed to have travelled some distance , colliding with parked vehicles , barriers and other objects along the route . `` Fortunately , no passengers were believed to have been on the bus at the time it was taken and no one was hurt as a result of the incident . `` We would like to speak to anyone who believes they saw the incident taking place . ''	A stolen double-decker left a trail of damage to cars , barriers and walls , police said .
Warnings are in place for the River Vyrnwy at Melverley and Maesbrook , and a lesser flood alert has been issued for the River Severn in Shrewsbury . So far , fields and low-lying roads have been affected . Levels are expected to peak overnight . Dave Throup from the agency said `` more significant '' floods could happen during the next week if forecast rain arrives .	Flood barriers have been erected in Shropshire following advice from the Environment Agency .
The Scottish Ambulance Service was called to a report of a non-responsive man in a vehicle in Bridge of Earn at about 11:00 . When ambulance staff and police arrived they found the man was dead . A Police Scotland spokeswoman said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the man 's death and that officers were attempting to trace his next of kin . A report into the incident has been sent to the procurator fiscal .	A 50-year-old man has been found dead in his car in Perthshire .
A 57-year-old man died after being struck by a car in a hit-and-run on Edinburgh 's Comiston Road . The incident took place at about 20:10 on Thursday . The man who died had fallen onto the road before being hit by a small dark-coloured vehicle and police said the driver may not have realised what happened . Ch Insp James Jones said : `` Our investigations have shown that it is possible that the driver of the vehicle may not have been immediately aware they had struck a person . `` We would ask that anyone driving in the area of Comiston Road ( Buckstone Terrace ) around 8 pm on Thursday get in touch with us . ''	Police have said a driver involved in a fatal collision in Edinburgh may not have realised they had hit someone .
The 19-year-old has scored three goals in four league outings , including one on his debut against Liverpool . The France international became the world 's most expensive teenage player when he signed from Monaco in September for £36m , which could rise to £58m . Mauricio Pochettino is the manager of the month courtesy of guiding Tottenham to three successive victories . This included a 4-1 win over last season 's runners-up Manchester City at White Hart Lane . Martial scored eight goals in 31 Ligue 1 games last season for Monaco and made his international debut for France in a friendly against Portugal on 4 September . In a July 2015 study by the Soccerex 20 Football Value Index , Martial was ranked the 17th most valuable under-21 player in Europe at £11.6m .	Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has been named Premier League player of the month for September .
The initiative is part of a nationwide electricity rationing plan . Vice-President Jorge Arreaza said there had been a surge in energy demand due to extremely hot weather . He said state employees would now work from 07:30-13:00 to save on air conditioning . On Monday , local media reported blackouts across the country . Mr Arreaza said private companies would be asked to use their own generators to reduce pressure on the national grid . But he said it was private homeowners who consumed the most energy , and he called for everyone to turn the dial down on their air conditioners . `` We are appealing to everyone 's conscience , to use energy efficiently . '' Last week the government claimed that energy problems were due to maintenance issues , but the opposition criticised the government for not investing enough in the energy sector , BBC Venezuela correspondent Daniel Pardo reports . Power outages are common in Venezuela , which is a big oil producer but depends heavily on hydro-electric power . Venezuela is also struggling with an economy in recession that has been hard hit by the fall in the price of oil . Some 96 % of its export revenues are reported to come from oil . Inflation is also high , and stood at more than 60 % in 2014 .	Venezuela says it will cut the working day for public sector workers to five-and-a-half hours to conserve energy , down from eight to nine hours .
Media playback is not supported on this device John has previously dedicated a silver medal to William Lloyd 's son ( also named William ) , and the two were joined on the sofa by Lynne Holt , who arranged the transplant . John hopes to win a darts medal in the Games , where over 700 people including organ donors and recipients will compete to raise awareness of organ donation in the UK . For more information , including how to attend , visit the British Transplant Games website . To find out more about organ donation , visit NHS Yes I Donate .	To mark the start of 2016 's Transplant Games , BBC Breakfast hosted darts player John Coyle on their sofa - and introduced him to the father of the man whose organs saved his life .
It said that Dolores Aveiro , 61 , was stopped by the civil guard while waiting for a flight home to Portugal . She could not explain to officials why she needed so much cash , El Mundo said . It said that the money will be held by officials until she pays a fine and fills in the correct documentation . Spanish rules drawn up to prevent money laundering stipulate that the maximum amount travellers are permitted to take out of Spain without declaring the transfer is €10,000 . Anyone who breaks this rule is not guilty of a crime , El Mundo said , but an administrative offence . Mrs Aveiro is reported to spend long periods of time with her multimillionaire son in his luxury mansion near Madrid . She was reported to have been briefly held by border police at Barajas airport in the middle of last month and must now pay a €600 fine in order to get the cash back . Ronaldo 's contract at Real Madrid earns him around €350,000 each week .	The mother of Cristiano Ronaldo , the world 's highest-paid footballer , was stopped last month at Madrid airport with €55,000 ( £40,400 ; $ 61,000 ) in her handbag , El Mundo newspaper reports .
The blast also struck a busy vegetable market in the north-eastern Masaken Barzeh district , state media said . The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said nine police officers were killed and 20 were injured . A militant from so-called Islamic State ( IS ) group carried out the attack , the pro-IS Amaq News Agency reported . Last month , IS claimed responsibility for a multiple bomb attack near the Sayyida Zeinab shrine , south of Damascus , which left at least 71 people dead . In Tuesday 's incident , the bomber tried to drive his explosives-filled car into the police officers ' club , but was stopped by guards , state TV cited an interior ministry source as saying . The bomber `` then detonated his explosives , causing deaths and injuries '' , it added , without giving further details . The Syrian Observatory , which has a network of activists on the ground in Syria , said the death toll might rise from eight because some of those injured were in a critical condition in hospital .	Several people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack on a police officers ' club in the Syrian capital , Damascus , the interior ministry says .
Hunt said she was `` proud of what has been achieved on BBC One '' but `` could not resist the chance to join Channel 4 at such an exciting time . '' Jana Bennett , the BBC 's director of vision , said Hunt had `` led BBC One with great commitment and creative flair . '' Her appointment follows that of David Abraham , who was made Channel 4 's new chief executive in January . `` Channel 4 requires a fearless creative leader to help steer us through our next phase , '' he said . `` Jay has demonstrated ... her appetite to challenge the status quo , create and lead change , and promote new talent . '' Julian Bellamy is currently Channel 4 's acting chief creative officer and will leave the station after `` a short period of transition '' . The newly created chief creative officer role combines the channel 's former two most senior creative posts , Head of Channel 4 and Director of Television and Content . Hunt 's successes at BBC One include the modern update of Sherlock Holmes , crime thriller Luther and hard-hitting drama Five Daughters . She was previously controller of BBC Daytime and worked as editor of the One O'Clock and Six O'Clock News . Hunt was director of programmes at Five when she was appointed BBC One 's controller in 2007 .	Jay Hunt is to leave her role as controller of BBC One to become chief creative officer at Channel 4 .
UK Border Force officers were called after the group of Ukrainian nationals was discovered in Orford on Sunday morning . The Coastguard was called out when the yacht found itself in trouble in high winds . It is thought to be the second time in recent years that a group of Ukrainians has been detained at the port .	Seven suspected illegal immigrants have been detained after a yacht ran aground in Suffolk .
Mike Forney put them into the lead late in the first period with Kris Beech making it 2-0 early in the second . Michael Dorr scored Fife 's goal but further scores in the final period by Beech and Mike Radja wrapped up the Belfast victory . The Giants are now just three points behind leaders the Cardiff Devils . Cardiff , level on points with second-placed Sheffield , still have to play the Giants three times in the title run-in . The Giants face Braehead on Saturday night , this time at the SSE Arena in Belfast .	The Belfast Giants boosted their hopes of mounting late challenge for the Elite League title by beating the Fife Flyers on Tuesday night .
The country 's finance police are executing search warrants as they carry out asset seizures to the reported value of 12m euros ( £9.1m ) . The case involves 58 people involved in professional football , a Naples prosecutor said in a statement . Lawyers for AC Milan said vice president Adriano Galliani was among those under investigation . In a statement on the club 's website , the lawyers dismissed the allegations as unfounded and said they expected the case to be dismissed . The investigation , dubbed 'Fuorigioco ' ( Offside ) , is believed to concern allegations of falsifying player transactions .	An investigation into alleged tax evasion by 35 clubs in Italy 's top two divisions is taking place .
17 February 2015 Last updated at 01:08 GMT Topics covered included an MPs ' report on sex education in England 's schools ; continued reaction to shadow chancellor Ed Balls ' comments on tax , and the collapse of the Greek debt talks in Brussels . The shortlist of candidates for a one-way trip to Mars was also a talking point .	Torcuil Crichton , Westminster editor at the Daily Record , and James Lyons , deputy political editor at the Sunday Times , joined the BBC News Channel to discuss Tuesday 's big stories .
The 55-year-old victim suffered serious injuries in the attack at the Dixon Blazes industrial estate in the Gorbals area at about 06:00 on Thursday . She was taken to Glasgow Royal Infirmary , where her condition was said to be stable . Police Scotland said a report would be submitted to the procurator fiscal . The man is expected to appear in court on Monday .	A 49-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was stabbed in what police described as a `` brutal and callous attack '' in Glasgow .
It is the first partnership of its kind between the social network and the BBC . A `` real-time curated timeline '' of tweets will bring commentary from BBC experts and BBC Reality Check to Twitter users . One analyst suggested the move could help engage audiences who might be less likely to watch live TV . The election debate will be broadcast live from Cambridge on BBC One from 19:30 BST until 21:00 BST . Seven senior members of leading political parties will appear , including the Conservative Home Secretary Amber Rudd and Lib Dem leader Tim Farron . Labour is yet to confirm who it will put forward for the debate . `` It 's going to be reaching different audiences that would n't necessarily be watching live TV , '' suggested Tim Westcott , a television analyst at IHS Technology . `` Live video is something that all the social media websites are interested in exploring - there 's been an increase in the amount of live sport for example , '' he added . The hashtag for the election debate programme is # bbcdebate and a page for the live stream has been set up on Twitter . A similar arrangement will be made for two Question Time Leaders ' Specials on 2 and 4 June , the Newsbeat Youth Debate on 6 June and the Election Night Results Special on 8 June .	The BBC 's election debate on Wednesday night and four other election specials will be streamed live on Twitter as well as broadcast on television .
The emergency services were called to the blaze near Glencorse Reservoir , at Flotterstone off the A702 , just before noon . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said wind was causing the fire to spread through trees and grass . Crews are using beaters and hoses to fight the fire , which is still well alight . A Scottish Fire and Rescue service spokeswoman said : `` Edinburgh operations control received a call just before midday and mobilised two appliances from Penicuik and Sighthill fire stations . `` Due to the fire being fanned by the wind , further appliances from Dalkieth , Liberton and West Linton have been mobilised to the scene . `` The incident is ongoing and will be for some considerable time . `` The area is popular with hill walkers and we would ask if you can avoid the area until fire operations are concluded . ''	Firefighters are tackling a wildfire spanning 500 metres in the Pentland Hills in Midlothian .
Uncapped Deeney , 28 , who signed a new five-year deal in the summer , has scored in successive victories over West Ham and Manchester United . Italian Mazzarri said : `` Of course he is international level . '' England manager Sam Allardyce will announce his squad later this week for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia . Allardyce needs a replacement for Tottenham striker Harry Kane , who is facing a lengthy spell out after he injured his ankle this month . Speaking through an interpreter , Mazzarri added : `` I would be proud and really happy if Deeney went to the national team . `` He has improved physically and he is much fitter now . He is a strong striker - he just needs to look after his fitness . `` I respect the England manager and his decision , and I am biased as he is one of my players . `` The FA can call me with the help of an interpreter , but they have n't called up until now . '' England , who opened their 2016 World Cup campaign with victory in Slovakia , host Malta at Wembley on Saturday , 8 October , then travel to Slovenia the following Tuesday .	Watford captain Troy Deeney should be given an England call-up , his club manager Walter Mazzarri has claimed .
Mark Manning , 54 , of Brighton Road , Lancing , was a former military bomb disposal expert A 42-year-old man from West Worthing was arrested on suspicion of murder . Two men , aged 50 and 39 , were arrested in May also on suspicion of murder . All three have been bailed until 15 October . Mr Manning had worked for the Mines Advisory Group , a charity that removes landmines and other dangers . A murder inquiry began in June 2014 , but no-one has reported hearing from or seeing Mr Manning and his body has not been found .	A third man has been arrested over the death of a West Sussex bomb disposal expert who was last seen in April 2014 .
The result is a blow to Linfield 's title hopes as they now trail leaders Crusaders by seven points . `` We were n't bright , cute or smart enough to win - we looked short of attacking options , '' said Healy . `` The second half was not good enough and we fell short of the standards that I expect . '' Mark Haughey gave the Blues a deserved early lead but Aaron Harmon equalised as Glentoran improved in the second half . Media playback is not supported on this device The focus now switches to Saturday 's top-two showdown at Seaview as Linfield seek to close the gap . `` It 's always frustrating not to win , particularly derby matches , but we will go to Seaview with a positive attitude , '' added Healy . `` It is always a big game , they are leaders and champions and hopefully we can remain unbeaten against them this season . ''	Linfield manager David Healy has criticised his team 's performance in the 1-1 Boxing Day draw with Belfast rivals Glentoran at Windsor Park .
The 25-year-old centre-back has featured just three times for Posh this season and had a loan spell at Northampton earlier in the campaign . `` Shaun was really eager about coming which delighted me , '' O 's player-manager Kevin Nolan told BBC Radio London . `` His quality will create competition for our two centre-halves to make sure they are on top of their game . '' Orient have won both their games since Nolan took charge last week , and moved into the League Two play-off places after beating Newport on Tuesday . The 33-year-old hopes he can strengthen his squad further before the transfer window closes on Monday , having also brought in striker Armand Gnanduillet last Friday . `` I 'll be speaking with the president [ Francesco Becchetti ] and his support staff about maybe getting a couple more in before the end of the window , '' Nolan said . `` Hopefully it is a positive relationship which gets us back to where we want to be , which is in League One . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Leyton Orient have signed Peterborough defender Shaun Brisley on loan until the end of the season .
The 8-1 shot , ridden by Andrea Atzeni , charged powerfully down the far side of the track to win by a length . `` He travelled brilliantly throughout the race and picked up when he got daylight , '' said Atzeni . Strong-travelling mare Euro Charline ( 12-1 ) , with Ryan Moore on board , finished second ahead of Endless Drama ( 8-1 ) and 3-1 favourite Limato . `` Belardo is a good horse on his day and it 's a pleasure to be back on him , '' added Atzeni , who was riding the Roger Varian-trained four-year-old for the first time since October 2014 . `` I remember when I first sat on him as a two-year-old I told Roger he was the fastest I 'd sat on . `` It 's just on the easy side of good and probably at his very best he just needs a bit of cut . ''	The Godolphin-owned Belardo came late to claim a Group One success in the Al Shaqab Lockinge Stakes at Newbury .
Eight-month-old Marley from Hitcham chewed through the tube of glue his owner was using for home improvements . At first he showed no signs of illness , but within a week needed emergency surgery to remove a solid lump of adhesive from his stomach . His owner Beverley King said her pet made a full recovery and was now `` bouncing around '' again . Read this and more stories from Suffolk Mrs King said her husband had been working upstairs when Marley came down with his paws covered in glue . He was taken to the vet to have the glue removed and seemed fine , she said . However he later became ill and had to be referred to a specialist veterinary centre near Newmarket , where the full extent of Marley 's mishap was revealed . He underwent a one-hour operation to have the ball of glue removed by a surgical specialist . Mrs King , who slept by his side every night `` just to be on the safe side '' , said her pet was due to have a final check up later .	A cocker spaniel has been saved from a sticky end after eating a tube of expanding glue .
The Â£150m scheme in East Tullos would provide low cost energy and reduce the amount of waste to landfill , but concerns have been raised about the possible environmental impact Members of the planning committee had been set to discuss the plans . The matter will now be discussed on Thursday .	A decision on plans for an energy from waste plant in Aberdeen has been deferred to full council .
Police were called to Nuthurst Park in Moston , Manchester , just before 18:55 BST on Saturday . Greater Manchester Police said officers responded to reports of a girl being raped and the offender being chased off by members of the public . A boy , believed to be 14 or 15 , was arrested in a nearby shop and is being held for questioning . The victim is being provided with support from specially-trained officers . Insp Dave Whelan said : `` I know this incident has understandably caused a lot of unrest in the local community , particularly among those who were in the nearby area at the time , but I want to assure everybody that we have launched a full investigation . `` We treat all reports like this with the utmost seriousness and as such officers swiftly attended the scene and arrested a teenage boy within 16 minutes of the initial call coming in . ''	A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of the attempted rape of an eight-year-old girl in a park .
The 29-year-old woman 's body was found at the home in Heaton Close , Speke , at about 03:10 GMT on Sunday , police said . The woman , who has not been formally identified , was taken to hospital by the ambulance service where she was pronounced dead at 04:14 GMT . A murder investigation has been launched and a post-mortem is taking place to establish the cause of death , Merseyside Police said . Officers are conducting forensic enquiries at the house .	A woman 's body has been discovered at a house in Merseyside .
The 21-year-old hit 39 sixes , including five off the final over , as he posted a round 300 and his team Maavi finished on 416-2 . His total dwarfs the top-tier record of 175 scored by Chris Gayle in the 2013 Indian Premier League ( IPL ) . `` I have put my name in the IPL auction but I am not sure if this will help people notice , '' Ahlawat told ABP Live . Ahlawat played three first-class matches for Delhi in October 2015 alongside India internationals such as Gautam Gambhir and Ishant Sharma . He was dropped after scores of 1 , 4 , 0 , 0 and 0 in his five innings . Find out how to get into cricket with our inclusive guide . Sri Lankan Dhanuka Pathirana smashed 277 off 72 balls playing for Austerlands in a Twenty20 match in England 's Saddleworth League in September 2007 while Indian schoolboy Pranav Dhanawade set a new record for an officially recorded match with 1,009 not out in January 2016 . His total for KC Gandhi School broke a 117-year-old mark set by 13-year-old AEJ Collins in a house match at Clifton College in June 1899 .	Indian cricketer Mohit Ahlawat hit an extraordinary 72-ball triple century in a local Twenty20 match in Delhi .
The 25-year-old joins from Italian club Udinese with the consent of his Spanish parent club , Granada CF . He is the club 's second addition of 2017 after the arrival of midfielder Wilfred Ndidi earlier in January . The champions suffered their 12th defeat of the campaign at Burnley on Tuesday and are in 16th place .	Leicester have signed Mali international centre-back Molla Wague on loan for the rest of the season , with the option of a permanent deal .
Sarah Rochira spoke after inspectors ordered a newly-opened home in Conwy county to carry out urgent improvements . They claimed parts of Merton Place care home in Colwyn Bay were not properly cleaned and had unpleasant smells . Clwyd Alyn Housing Association says it has since made changes to its home which opened in September last year . A spokesperson said that although officials have challenged some of the report 's findings the association 's board has `` determined that a high priority '' be given to acting on the inspectors ' findings . The report was carried out by the Care and Social Services Inspectorate Wales ( CSSIW ) last September . Ms Rochira says anyone who is in a care home has a right to be safe , well cared for and listened to . She is calling on inspectors to make sure that their recommendations are put into place in care homes across Wales . `` I 've seen for myself that we have some wonderful , really good residential social care , '' she told BBC Wales . `` But I also know that some of our residential social care is failing older people and that is quiet simply unacceptable . ''	Standards at some care homes are unacceptable and need to improve , says the older people 's commissioner for Wales .
The colour brochure is professionally produced and looks like a genuine guide to one of Orkney 's North Isles . But it features attractions that are n't there , on an island called Mama Westray that does n't even exist . It says actress Cate Blanchett is a regular visitor and keeps a pedal car in the garage airport . Attractions include fish-eating pigs , The Tropical Gardens of Nether Biggings and `` the world-famous Tomb of the Haddock '' . Other `` must-see '' sites and attractions are said to be the Hall of McFlummery and an annual Ratsmack event . There is concern among some locals on the real island of Papa Westray that the brochure could cause some confusion with existing promotional material .	Mystery surrounds a spoof tourist brochure for a non-existent island which has appeared at a number of sites around Orkney .
Lifeboat volunteers said the man , in his 30s , jumped from about 6ft ( 1.8m ) into murky water he thought was deeper , but hit the rocks below . He broke his ankle and sustained cuts , but managed to swim to safety . The RNLI administered oxygen until paramedics arrived . Phil Missen of Porthcawl RNLI said : `` This incident reminds us how dangerous jumping into water from height - or tombstoning - can be . `` Water changes depth with the tide , so the water may be shallower than it looks . Submerged items may not be visible and can cause serious injury or paralysis if you hit them . `` The water can be a lot colder than it looks so the shock of cold water may also make it difficult to swim and strong currents can sweep you away . ''	The RNLI has warned people of the dangers of jumping into water from height - or `` tombstoning '' - after a man seriously injured his leg at Porthcawl Harbour , Bridgend county , on Monday .
In the BBC interview , the first lady suggested that the Nigerian government had been hijacked , adding that it was time for Mr Buhari to shake things up . Her comments , which have shocked the nation , were met with overwhelming support on Twitter . Some praised Mrs Buhari for encouraging free speech in the country : Others , however , accused Mrs Buhari 's supporters of hypocrisy after she was criticised last year for appearing in public sporting expensive accessories : President Buhari , who is currently visiting Germany , was quick to respond to his wife 's criticism . At a joint news conference with Chancellor Angela Merkel , he said : `` I do n't know which party my wife belongs to , but she belongs to my kitchen and my living room and the other room . '' His remarks have prompted sharp criticism on Twitter , with many also saying they are puzzled what `` the other room '' was . In a series of tweets , President Buhari 's spokesman Mallam Garba Shehu later tried to downplay the row , saying his boss `` was obviously throwing a banter '' .	Aisha Buhari 's stark warning to her husband , Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari , that she may not back him at the next election , and his later response that she `` belongs to my kitchen '' have triggered an avalanche of comments on social media .
Protesters from CND Cymru and other groups gathered at Parc Aberporth in Ceredigion and called for the end of military drone testing . It was planned to coincide with a vigil at the Excel Arms Trade Fair taking place in London . The Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) said the UAVs only flew at designated testing areas at Parc Aberporth . `` We 're trying to raise awareness that Wales is part of the war machine , '' said John Cox , chairman of CND Cymru . `` Most people are unaware that Wales is part of the development of drones . `` They do n't have bombs on board but they are testing out drones here . '' QinetiQ , which works on UAVs , is one of a number of defence contractors working at Parc Aberporth . An MoD spokesperson said : `` Watchkeeper , an unarmed Remotely Piloted Air System ( RPAS ) , only flies at the designated testing area at Parc Aberporth . `` Other UK RPAS aircraft , such as Reaper , only operate in Afghanistan under the legal authority of UN Security Council resolutions . `` These aircraft have played a vital role supporting military operations and have saved the lives of countless UK and allied forces by providing essential Intelligence , Surveillance and Reconnaissance . ''	More than 100 people have protested outside a site where unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) are tested .
The outbreak is believed to have happened in May and involved a ward which provides care for older people . According to sources , two separate inquiries were undertaken at the hospital . One investigated how the bacteria emerged at the ward in the hospital and how the outbreak was managed . The second investigation was as a result of the first and involved a disciplinary matter . C. diff is a bacterium that causes extreme diarrhoea in some patients . The families of those patients who were originally affected have been kept informed . The BBC further understands that the report into the C. diff outbreak is due to be completed within the next 10 days , while the investigation into the disciplinary matter is due to conclude imminently . In July , a ward at the Musgrave Park Hospital in Belfast was closed briefly and two patients affected following a C. diff outbreak .	Two members of staff suspended at Belfast City Hospital in the wake of a C. Difficile outbreak are understood to be senior nursing staff .
Swansea Bay was launched as Wales ' first `` city region '' to boost investment , regeneration and jobs . Sir Terry said there are huge opportunities for the area , which covers Neath Port Talbot , Swansea , Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire . The meeting was held at the TWI Technology Centre-Wales , Port Talbot . Referring to the job loses at Murco in Milford Haven , Sir Terry said there was `` no reason why Pembrokeshire can not attract jobs in the software sector '' . However , Carmarthen Town councillor Alun Lenny voiced concerns about the effects of the Swansea Bay City region on the rest of west Wales . He fears the rest of west Wales will miss out on grants as they will be filtered through the Swansea Bay City Region .	Celtic Manor owner Sir Terry Matthews has chaired the first meeting of Swansea Bay City Region board on Wednesday .
The unrest at the category C Channings Wood prison involved about 10 prisoners on Friday night , the Prison Service said . Nine inmates have been transferred to other jails and an investigation has been launched , said a spokesman . `` Staff intervened to successfully resolve it , '' he said and `` appropriate disciplinary action will be taken '' . He added that no members of staff were injured and that they `` remained in control '' of the wing where the violence happened . He declined to go into further detail about the cause of the unrest at the prison which holds about 730 inmates . `` There has been superficial damage to some cells on one wing , but the wing is still operating , '' he said . `` Two prisoners received medical treatment for minor injuries . ''	Two prisoners were injured and a number of cells damaged in an outbreak of violence at a Devon jail .
The 18-bed Murray House facility would be built next to the Queen 's House nursing home on Angraflat Road . A design statement said about 30 % of the Borders population was forecast to be over 60 within 20 years with rising demand for care services . Subject to planning permission , it is hoped work could start in August and be completed by autumn 2018 . The new unit would be separate to the current home in order to meet the `` different needs '' of dementia residents . The design statement said Queen 's House 's 60 staff , existing residents and families , as well as neighbours had all been consulted and were favourable to the `` new and worthwhile development '' .	Plans have been lodged for a £3m dementia unit in Kelso which developers claim would create about 30 jobs .
Englishman Rose , 35 , hit a three-under round of 69 to end the day in the chasing pack tied at eight under along with Scotland 's Martin Laird , 32 . American Steele , 32 , hit a 70 to remain top of the leaderboard on 11 under . `` I 'm very happy to keep the momentum up and post a decent score , really not playing great golf , '' Rose told PGA.com . `` I played pretty scrappily , some ugly shots out there , some long par-save putts , so for me it was a really good 69 . '' Rory McIlroy toiled for 71 to stand five under , Northern Ireland 's world number three positioned 19th . Steele , who was the overnight leader after a breathtaking first-round 63 , has a two-shot lead over compatriot Will Wilcox ( 67 ) and Venezuelan Jhonattan Vegas ( 71 ) . Canada 's Graham DeLaet and America 's Harold Varner III are also tied for second on nine under .	Justin Rose put himself in contention at the Frys.com Open as he finished the second round three shots behind leader Brendan Steele in California .
5 August 2016 Last updated at 10:03 BST About 80 firefighters were called to the Regent Superbowl complex on Regent Road at 03:20 on Friday . Nearby properties were evacuated and surrounding roads were closed . Fire station manager John Baker , said : `` The smoke plume was an amazing sight - it can be seen from as far away as Acle and Lowestoft , so we knew it was quite big . ''	A large fire has engulfed a Great Yarmouth seaside attraction .
The near-complete skeleton of the Tyrannosaurus bataar was handed over to Mongolian officials at a ceremony in New York on Monday . A Florida fossils dealer in December admitted smuggling the bones , which sold at auction for more than $ 1m ( Â£643,000 ) . US officials seized the bones last year after Mongolia said they were stolen . ''We are very pleased to have played a pivotal role in returning Mongolia 's million-dollar baby , '' US Attorney Preet Bharara said . ''Of course , that million-dollar price tag , as high as it is , does n't begin to describe the true value of an ancient artefact that is part of the fabric of a country 's natural history and cultural heritage . '' Mongolian Minister of Culture , Sport and Tourism Oyungerel Tsedevdamba said they would be setting up a new dinosaur museum , as `` we never had dinosaurs ' museum before '' . The bones , discovered in the Gobi Desert , were smuggled into the US from the UK in March 2010 . Mongolia has laws that protect fossils - they are the property of the state and their export is banned .	The US has returned a 70-million-year-old dinosaur skeleton which was smuggled from Mongolia .
Ryan led Fiji 's rugby sevens side to gold with a 43-7 win over Great Britain in the final at the Rio Olympics . The Fiji sevens team tweeted that Ryan had been given the land and a `` chiefly name '' at a ceremony in Serua . Last week , the 43-year-old was awarded the Companion of the Order of Fiji , the highest honour in the country . Ryan , who coached England 's sevens side from 2007 to 2013 , plans to step down as Fiji coach and says he has had almost 20 job offers . Serua is one of the 14 provinces that make up Fiji .	English coach Ben Ryan has been given three acres of land in Fiji after helping the Pacific nation to their first Olympic medal .
Moncur , 23 , turned down the chance to join Posh this summer to move to the Tykes from Colchester for a fee believed to be about £500,000 . But he has made two appearances for Barnsley so far and has been allowed to leave on loan . Neither McGee or Oduwa , both 20 have made a Spurs first-team appearance . However , Oduwa has had loans at Luton , Rangers and Colchester , while McGee comes in following the release of keeper Ben Alnwick from his Posh contract because of `` family and geographical reasons '' . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page ..	Peterborough have signed Barnsley midfielder George Moncur and Tottenham goalkeeper Luke McGee and winger Nathan Oduwa on loan until January .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Highlights from the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev , Ukraine , which saw Portugal 's Salvador Sobral crowned the winner .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) is now overseeing 43 such inquiries , up from 29 announced last year . All concern the Metropolitan Police . They relate to allegations of wrongdoing in cases involving prominent individuals or police officers . The IPCC said the claims being looked at related to `` child sex offences dating from the 1970s to the 2000s '' . It is overseeing probes by the Met 's Professional Standards Department . A IPCC spokesman said : `` They all concern allegations of suppressing evidence , hindering or halting investigations , or covering up alleged offences because of the involvement of prominent individuals or police officers . '' Many of the investigations stem from allegations made by retired Met Police officers . The IPCC said it was also managing one investigation into Essex Police , while there is another , independent investigation being carried out into Sussex Police - making a total of 45 . One of the 43 Met inquiries relates to the actions of police investigating the case of Vishal Mehrotra , an eight-year-old boy who went missing on the day of the Royal Wedding in 1981 . His remains were found six months later in Sussex .	Fourteen further investigations have been launched into alleged police corruption relating to historical child sex abuse claims , the police watchdog has said .
Prop forward Adam Walker was spoken to regarding offences of attempting to engage in sexual activity with a child . The 24-year-old has not been arrested and voluntarily attended the police station , West Yorkshire Police said . A statement from the rugby club before its match against Huddersfield Giants on Sunday said it was `` appropriate '' Mr Walker be stood down for selection . `` This is not an admission of wrongdoing but felt to be in the best interests of everyone , including Adam , '' the club said . No disciplinary action has been taken , it added . Mr Walker , from Bradford , was signed by the Super League team on a three-year deal in 2014 . He previously played for Huddersfield Giants .	A Hull KR player has been dropped by his club after being questioned by police over allegations of grooming .
Police investigating the Grenfell Tower fire have said the building 's cladding and insulation failed safety tests . Welsh ministers said they wanted the same cladding tests conducted in Wales as have been announced for England . At least 79 people are thought to have died in last week 's London blaze with manslaughter charges being considered . There are 36 blocks of flats of seven or more storeys used for social housing in Wales . Tests on 600 high rises across England are continuing . A Welsh Government spokesperson said : `` We are in regular contact with all residential social landlords in Wales and are urging them to have samples from relevant tower blocks tested - using the same process and facility described by the prime minister in her statement . '' A spokesperson later added the government was `` taking steps to encourage landlords of all high rise buildings regardless of their tenure to carry out fire safety checks and where necessary have samples of cladding tested '' . The Metropolitan Police confirmed on Friday that the Grenfell Tower fire had started in a fridge freezer . On Tuesday , Welsh Communities Secretary Carl Sargeant told AMs no high-rise blocks used for social housing in Wales appeared to have Grenfell Tower type cladding .	Fire safety tests and checks will be carried out on high-rise blocks used for social housing in Wales after a request from the Welsh Government .
The room of eight-year-old Chloe McCance was ransacked during the incident at Sinclair Avenue in Bangor , County Down , on Friday . A laptop computer containing the last pictures of Chloe was taken , as well as Christmas presents . Her mother , Lynda McCance , has appealed for the return of the computer . Chloe , who had the rare degenerative illness , Batten 's Disease , died earlier this month . Ms McCance described the family 's shock at discovering the burglary . `` We went out on Friday , we were getting tribute tattoos done , and we came home and we just sat down because we had got a takeaway , '' she said . `` I went into the hall and discovered her bedroom door was open which just was n't right because we have not been in that room since her funeral and we went out the back and discovered the back gate had been unlocked . `` We discovered our laptop was gone , a bag of groceries gone , Christmas presents taken , and the drawers had been gone through . `` To think somebody has trespassed and went into her room and seen everything and just done what they have done to us . `` We ca n't believe that after everything we have been through that it could get any worse . ''	A grieving mother has spoken of her distress at her house being burgled , just days after the burial of her daughter .
Six young stoats have been taken into care by an animal welfare charity after being found next to their dead mother . The animals , which are thought to be five to six weeks old , were discovered on a road in North Kessock , near Inverness , late last month . They are being cared for at the Scottish SPCA 's National Wildlife Rescue Centre at Fishcross in Clackmannanshire . The stoats have been nicknamed after characters in the hit US sitcom Friends - Ross , Joey , Chandler , Rachel , Monica and Phoebe . Centre manager Colin Seddon said : `` They are all feeding themselves and we 're going to move them to a large outdoor enclosure soon . `` We 'll release them back into the wild as a group when they are fully independent . `` They look very cute and cuddly now , but when they 're fully grown they will be a predator to other wildlife such as rabbits , mice and voles . ''	All images are copyrighted .
The blaze broke out at Studio 338 on Boord Street , Greenwich , at about midday on Monday , pumping plumes of smoke into the air that could be seen for miles across the city . The man , 28 , has not been formally identified but has been named by the nightclub as an employee called Tomas . A statement from the club said `` our hearts are smashed and broken '' . He was airlifted to an east London hospital but died on Tuesday . The statement said : `` Tomas fought for as long as he could given the extent of his injuries . He was as strong as an ox but it was too much even for him . `` He was so pure and beautiful , an inspiration to us all : always positive , never complaining , working through the night to make sure the parties were the best they could be for you and us . `` We are all so devastated to lose him like this . Everything we do from now on is for you , our brother . '' Police are working alongside the Health and Safety Executive in a joint investigation into what caused the fire . More than 100 firefighters tackled the blaze , which spread to a nearby industrial warehouse and a scrap paper processing yard containing a number of outbuildings . Fourteen men were initially arrested on suspicion of arson but were released without charge .	A man has died in hospital from burns injuries after a fire at a nightclub in south-east London .
Police say a man was restrained and disarmed after opening fire in the lobby of the Family Research Council at 10:45 local time ( 14:45 GMT ) . The guard was admitted to hospital with a gunshot wound to the arm and is in stable condition , police said . The Family Research Council opposes gay marriage and abortion . An FBI spokeswoman said there had been an altercation between the suspect and guard before the shooting , although it is not clear what caused the attack . `` We do n't know enough yet about him ... or mentally what he 's thinking , '' said James McJunkin , assistant director of the FBI 's Washington DC field office . One law enforcement official said the suspect had made a negative remark about the organisation 's work , before opening fire on the guard , the Associated Press reported . A visitor to Washington was asking a police officer for help with a parking meter outside the building as the situation unfolded . As the office door opened an officer repeatedly shouted `` Put the gun down , put the gun down , '' Amy Biondi said . `` Next thing you know there are police officers swarming the area . ''	A security guard is recovering after being shot at the headquarters of a conservative Christian lobby group in Washington DC .
She made her view known in a statement issued after all 32 local authority areas north of the border voted for Remain in the EU referendum . The Scottish vote contrasted with the overall UK vote to leave the EU , by a margin of 52 % to 48 % . Ms Sturgeon said Scotland `` has spoken - and spoken decisively '' . Both London and Scotland voted strongly to stay in the EU but the Remain vote was undermined by poor results for them in the north of England . Voters in Wales and the English regions backed Brexit in large numbers . Ahead of the final outcome , Ms Sturgeon said : `` Scotland has delivered a strong , unequivocal vote to remain in the EU , and I welcome that endorsement of our European status . `` And while the overall result remains to be declared , the vote here makes clear that the people of Scotland see their future as part of the European Union . `` Scotland has contributed significantly to the Remain vote across the UK . That reflects the positive campaign the SNP fought , which highlighted the gains and benefits of our EU membership , and people across Scotland have responded to that positive message . `` We await the final UK-wide result , but Scotland has spoken - and spoken decisively . ''	Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said it was clear that people in Scotland saw their future as part of the European Union .
Darren Owen , 51 , received seven years and four months after pleading guilty at Cardiff Crown Court to conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and dangerous driving including ramming a police car . Lee Brearley , 35 , was given three years and two months after admitting conspiracy to supply class A drugs . The south Wales pair were arrested in Rhondda Cynon Taff on 6 December 2014 . Police saw packages being exchanged between the pair in a lane between Ynysybwl and Perthcelyn . Both drove at high speeds to evade capture , damaging police vehicles , injuring officers and causing damage to property nearby . A kilogram of cocaine with a street value of £375,000 was found in Brearley 's car . After ramming a police vehicle head-on , Owen ran off on foot , with police finding a carrier bag containing £35,500 in cash nearby .	Drug dealers caught with £375,000 worth of cocaine after a police chase that left officers injured have been jailed .
Speculation over Wednesday 's blast ranged from an earthquake to an aircraft 's sonic boom , but aviation authorities have ruled this out . Activity at the MoD 's Hebrides Range , a large live firing test site , has been suggested as the most likely cause . One islander described how the big bang caused properties to shake . Sheila MacCormick , of the Borrodale Hotel in South Uist , told BBC Scotland : `` The actual building shook . '' She said : `` When we looked out there was people walking on the road - who were standing looking around to see what had happened . `` We did n't know what it was , could n't see any signs of blasting - it was very , very loud to be a blast anyway . `` One of our bar staff put it on Facebook to see if it was heard anywhere else and we 've had reports coming in from Benbecula and from Barra saying that they 've also heard it . '' BBC Scotland News Facebook users suggested the bang was a controlled explosion of out of date explosives and that some residents had received letters alerting them to activity at the rocket range . A loud blast which was heard over Kent on Wednesday turned out to be the sound of RAF jets scrambled to intercept a Latvian cargo plane .	It has been suggested an MoD firing range may have been responsible for a huge bang heard as far apart as Benbecula and Barra .
Gintare Suminaite , of Bognor Regis , had faced a murder charge but prosecutors accepted her guilty plea for infanticide . Prosecutor Ed Brown QC asked for the murder charge to lie on file . The Old Bailey heard Suminaite , 30 , had been mentally disturbed from the effects of giving birth on 5 April . The charge stated Suminaite caused the death of her daughter `` by compression of the neck with a ligature or by manual compression of the neck '' . Mr Justice Nicol adjourned sentencing until 23 January for further reports to be prepared . He told Suminaite , of Aldwick Road , who was helped by a Lithuanian interpreter , all sentencing options remained open and remanded her in custody . The case was `` out of the ordinary '' , he added .	A woman has pleaded guilty to killing her newborn girl shortly after giving birth in the bathroom of her West Sussex home .
Former Bees skipper Bidwell , 23 , joined QPR earlier in July while goalkeeper Button , 27 , moved to Fulham on Tuesday . Both players would have been out of contract at Griffin Park in 2017 . `` Economics tells you that if players do n't want to commit then you try to get the best deal you can for them , '' Smith told BBC Radio London . `` We have done that with Bidwell and Button . '' Left-back Bidwell and Button had been first-team regulars over the past three seasons for the Bees , with both players making more than 130 appearances since August 2013 . Smith says Button was offered a new contract last season but the former Tottenham trainee stalled on negotiations . `` We tried to get David to sign a new contract , and he was offered one before I came to the club , '' Smith added . `` I 'd spoken to him a number of times about it and he wanted to wait until the end of the season . `` As is the nature of economics in football with someone going into the last season of their contract , however good they are , it means the club could end up with nothing at the end of it . `` David did n't want to commit himself and the club did n't want David running his contract down . ''	Brentford head coach Dean Smith says `` economic '' reasons were behind the sales of Jake Bidwell and David Button to west London and Championship rivals .
28 October 2016 Last updated at 16:56 BST Halloween Week is finally coming to the ballroom this weekend and our celebrities have been training hard . In honour of this special occasion , Ore takes Newsround behind the scenes in the Strictly wardrobe department - and you can see how busy everyone is ! This week , Ore and his dance partner Joanna will be dancing the tricky Charleston - let 's hope it 's frighteningly good ! If you 're feeling in a creative Halloween mood , do send your terrifyingly brilliant pumpkin pictures to us .	It 's one of the weeks we 've all been waiting for - that 's right , it 's the Strictly spook-tacular !
Sheriff Mark Donaldson said the bus skidded off an overpass and slid down an embankment before hitting the train . Texas officials said the bus was carrying 12 prisoners and three corrections officers from one prison in Abilene to another in El Paso . A local hospital said they were treating five patients . But their conditions were unclear . A Union Pacific spokesman said there were no injuries on the train , but the railcars have not moved since the crash . In a statement , the Texas criminal justice department said eight prisoners and two corrections officers were killed . `` It 's with a heavy heart that we mourn the loss of those killed and injured this morning in a tragic accident , '' executive director Brad Livingston said . `` Their loved ones will be in our thoughts and prayers . ''	At least 10 people have been killed after a bus carrying prisoners lost control on an icy motorway and collided with a train in Texas , officials say .
The defending champions and second seeds lost 6-3 7-6 ( 7-5 ) in one hour and 12 minutes on Thursday . American pair Querrey and Young will face Russians Karen Khachanov and Andrey Kuznetsov in the second round . Querrey also plays world number one Andy Murray in the men 's singles third round on Friday . Britain 's Dan Evans was due to play in the doubles alongside Nick Kyrgios against Dusan Lajovic and Viktor Troicki on Thursday , but the Australian has withdrawn because of injury concerns . Kyrgios said he sustained a knee injury playing basketball several weeks ago . The 21-year-old lost to Andreas Seppi in the men ' singles on Wednesday , while Evans progressed to the third round after beating world number seven Marin Cilic . They have been replaced in the draw by Argentines Renzo Olivo and Guido Pella .	Britain 's Jamie Murray and Brazilian partner Bruno Soares have been knocked out in the men 's doubles first round by Sam Querrey and Donald Young .
Ben Threlfall , 31 , was riding down a `` very fast '' forest trail in Ton Pentre , Rhondda Cynon Taff , on Saturday when he was injured . He said : `` I saw it at the last minute and rode right into it , flat out and snapped it with my throat . '' South Wales Police is investigating the incident at Mynydd Ton Forest . The collision threw Mr Threlfall off his bike and he had to unwrap the wire from around his neck . He said : `` Thankfully the main impact was taken by my shoulders . I 'm 6ft 3in , so it cut across my chest and shoulders first , before sliding up to my neck . `` I do n't know how I survived . It was a very , very , scary experience . '' After the incident , he said he `` just wanted a cup of tea to calm down '' and carried on his work as a mountain bike guide for the rest of the day . He added : `` I 'm not going to be scared off from this area , we just have to be more vigilant now . I would like to put a sign up on the trail saying 'you 've nearly killed someone ' . '' South Wales Police said mountain bikers should be aware of the incident and asked anyone with information to contact the force .	A cyclist injured after riding into barbed wire that was deliberately stretched across a bike trail has said he `` should be dead '' .
Richard Broughton , 37 , died on Sunday , two days after he was injured in an incident in Welland Crescent , Elsecar . John Paul Jones , of Welland Crescent , appeared at Barnsley Magistrates ' Court charged with affray and witness intimidation . He was remanded in custody to appear at Sheffield Crown Court on 31 May . More stories from across Yorkshire South Yorkshire Police said the car involved in the incident , believed to be a Suzuki Swift , did not stop at the scene but was later recovered in Hoyland . A post-mortem examination revealed Mr Broughton died as a result of multiple injuries . A 35-year-old man arrested on Monday on suspicion of violent disorder has been released on police bail while inquiries continued , the force said	A 23-year-old man has appeared in court in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car following what police said was an `` altercation '' .
The DR Congo striker , 31 , who is on a season-long loan from Dynamo Kiev , was replaced during Saturday 's 1-1 draw with Burnley . Hull have also confirmed that the knee injury suffered by defender Harry Maguire during the Burnley game is not as serious as first feared . The 23-year-old may be fit for Saturday 's trip to face Leicester City .	Hull striker Dieumerci Mbokani will be sidelined for the next six weeks after suffering a hamstring injury .
Just as she was about to go on trial for murder , mother-of-two Margaret Henderson-McCarroll pleaded guilty to manslaughter . The 31-year-old was to have gone on trial at for murdering Mr Girvan , 67 , in his home in Greenisland . She said she was `` not guilty of murder , but guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility '' . A Crown barrister said the prosecution accepted the plea of Henderson-McCarroll , who has a long history of drug addiction . She also pleaded guilty to eight other charges resulting from the killing including : The judge then remanded her back into custody while pre-sentence reports are compiled before sentencing next month . In a bail application last November , the court heard that Mr Girvan 's body was discovered tied up and seated inside his home on Station Road , where he collected antiques and jewellery , in January 2016 . He had stab wounds to his chest and his shorts were round his ankles .	A woman has admitted the unlawful killing of pensioner Eddie Girvan last year .
Michael Broxholme , 69 , was pushed to the ground and robbed of Â£70 near garages leading to Hermit Street , Lincoln , in June . A 23-year-old , from Skegness , has been charged with robbery and will appear before magistrates later . A post-mortem examination has been carried out on Mr Broxholme 's body but proved inconclusive . Officers said they were awaiting the results of a second post-mortem and further tests .	A man has been charged in connection with the robbery of a man who later died in hospital .
Thameslink trains are suffering delays due to signalling problems resulting from damage to overhead wires at Luton on Tuesday . The operator was still running a `` limited service '' on Thursday . Network Rail said it expects disruption `` until the end of service , but it may yet continue tomorrow '' . Get the latest updates and more stories from Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Trains were disrupted after a signalling wire came into contact with overhead electric lines , it said . Robert McIntosh , from Network Rail , said : `` What we do know is one of our signalling cables did come away . `` A signalling system that normally carries 24 volts had a sudden injection of 25,000 volts . It has caused quite extensive damage , which is why it 's taking us so long to put this right . '' Thameslink is running a limited service across the network , with services cancelled , revised or delayed by up to 90 minutes . It is offering bus replacement services to link up with other lines where passengers can use tickets . Passenger services director Stuart Cheshire said : `` Work carried out by Network Rail overnight has allowed us to run some more trains today between Bedford and St Pancras but the service is still severely reduced , meaning very difficult journeys for our passengers for the third day running and for this we sincerely apologise . ''	Disruption to train services between Bedfordshire , Hertfordshire and London could last until Friday , Network Rail has said .
The quake struck close to the border with Uganda and Rwanda near Lake Victoria . Images posted on social media showed significant damage to buildings in Bukoba , a city of more than 70,000 people where most casualties were reported . Tremors were felt as far away as western Kenya . `` This incident has caused a lot of damage , '' Deodatus Kinawila , the district commissioner of Bukoba , told the BBC . `` As we speak now , the number of injuries stands at 192 and 11 dead . Because we are still collecting the information it 's likely to go up . Even the number of injuries is likely to go up . '' Rescue workers have told the BBC that local hospitals are full and can not cope with the number of injured . Buildings have collapsed and people are still trapped underneath the rubble . The US Geological Survey says the quake struck at a depth of 10km ( six miles ) at 15:27 local time ( 12:27 GMT ) . East Africa 's Great Rift Valley runs along a geological fault line but major earthquakes there are rare . A magnitude six quake struck the Tanzanian town of Arusha , east of Bukoba , in July 2007 .	A magnitude 5.7 earthquake has killed at least 11 people and injured 192 in northern Tanzania , the authorities say .
Darren February , 34 , of no fixed address , denies taking valuables from an open safe on 4 December 2015 . The X Factor judge was asleep in the property with his partner Lauren Silverman , their son Eric and a nanny at the time of the break in . Isleworth Crown Court heard Mr February had dozens of burglary convictions . Items worth £950,000 were taken from a safe inside a wardrobe which had been left open because Ms Silverman was due to travel the next morning . Prosecutor Denis Barry told the jury Mr February had first tried the front door of the house in Holland Park , in an attempt described in court as `` a bit ambitious '' . Mr Barry said : `` It would appear from the CCTV that the burglar is catching his breath because he had to shimmy over lots of different walls to get in to the premises and around the premises . '' Mr February was identified by two police officers who studied CCTV footage , Mr Barry said . The prosecutor added : `` Mr February over a few years has committed a total of 37 burglaries and what is more relevant , he has committed a total of 37 burglaries , most of which are in this area . '' Mr February denies one count of burglary . The trial continues .	A burglar scaled several walls to break into Simon Cowell 's west London home and steal jewellery worth almost £1m , a court has heard .
The Justice 4 Michael Ross group has launched a website which alleges police lost a diary belonging to the victim . Michael Ross was convicted in 2008 of murdering Bangladeshi waiter Shamsuddin Mahmood in a restaurant in Kirkwall . Police Scotland declined to comment on the website 's claims . In 2014 , Ross failed in a bid to have his conviction re-examined . He was told by the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission there was not enough evidence to support a miscarriage of justice claim . Since his original conviction , Justice 4 Michael Ross has campaigned for the case to be overturned because of what it describes as a lack of evidence presented at his trial . Ross was 15 when he shot Mr Mahmood , 26 , in the head in Kirkwall 's Mumataz restaurant in full view of a room full of diners , including families with children . The former Black Watch sniper was jailed for a minimum of 25 years after being convicted of murder .	A group campaigning for the release of a man jailed for the murder of a waiter in Orkney in 1994 is claiming a vital piece of evidence was misplaced by police who investigated the case .
Pick , 25 , who lost his leg while serving with the Army in Afghanistan in 2010 , was second in the SB-LL2 event . He was beaten by Finn Matti Suur-Hamari , whose time of one minute , 7.82 seconds bettered Pick 's 1:08.23 . Moore , whose arm was left paralysed after a motorbike accident , finished third in the SB-UL category . Both athletes will now be aiming for medals at next year 's Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang . `` I 've been knocking on the door for the last three years behind these guys , '' said Pick , from Cambridge . `` I 'm really happy with my first podium at a world championships and only missing out on first place by 0.5secs . '' Moore , from Plymouth , won silver and bronze at the last world championships two years ago , and was pleased with his medal after suffering a serious crash in training two weeks ago which put his participation in doubt . `` I am so relieved , happy and excited all at the same time , '' he said . `` I love Canada and this resort in particular , but I even surprised myself with that run and it feels good . ''	Britain 's Owen Pick and Ben Moore both won medals in the banked slalom events at the 2017 Para Snowboard World Championships in Big White , Canada .
The total number of patients has risen to 64 , making it the biggest outbreak of Mers outside the Middle East . The person who died was a 75-year-old man who had been in a Seoul hospital alongside other sufferers . More than 1,600 people have now been quarantined , in a bid to stop the spread of the virus . Mers was first indentified in humans in 2012 and originated in the Saudi Arabia . It is caused by the coronavirus and can cause fever , breathing problems , pneumonia and kidney failure . Of the 14 new cases in South Korea , 10 were at the same hospital in Seoul . All of the confirmed infections have taken place in healthcare facilities , officials said . Medical authorities have been criticised for the way they have handled the outbreak . Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon accused central government of not providing enough information to citizens about the virus . But Health Minister Moon Hyung-pyo rejected the claim , saying such comments risked increasing public concern . Mers has a death rate of 27 % , according to the World Health Organization .	Fourteen more cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome ( Mers ) have been confirmed in South Korea and a fifth person has died , health officials say .
Diego Simeone 's visitors are now five points off leaders Barcelona , who have a game in hand , while Real are nine points below the champions . Antoine Griezmann scored the only goal , early in the second half , when he steered Filipe Luis ' pass home . Real , who were two points off Barca when Zinedine Zidane took over , had not lost in his first eight games as boss . The result means Atletico are the first side in La Liga history to win three times in a row at the Bernabeu , as Real fans called for club president Florentino Perez to resign . Champions and leaders Barcelona , who are unbeaten in 33 games , host Sevilla - the last side to beat them - on Sunday ( 19:30 GMT ) .	Atletico Madrid won a third consecutive La Liga Bernabeu derby to practically end Real Madrid 's title hopes .
The country 's exports fell by 8.3 % in July , far worse than expected and the producer price index was down 5.4 % from a year earlier However , the benchmark Shanghai Composite ended up 4.9 % at 3,928.42 . Investors were trading on the expectation of yet another round of stimulus policy . In Hong Kong , the Hang Seng index failed to pick up on the mainland 's optimism and closed down 0.1 % at 24,521.12 . In Japan , the Nikkei index was higher , closing 0.4 % higher at 20,808.69 . In Australia , the S & P/ASX 200 index rose 0.6 % to 5,509.20 . However , shares in medical company Ansell fell by more than 15 % after the company gave a downbeat outlook . It said it was expecting strong headwinds from tough global economic conditions and the stronger US dollar . In South Korea , the Kospi index closed down for a third consecutive session , finishing 0.4 % lower at 2,003.17 .	Shares in mainland China jumped on Monday despite the world 's second largest economy reporting weak export data over the weekend .
Named Rosie by staff caring for her , the dog was handed into a veterinary practice , having been found as an apparent stray in Chesham Road , Bury . The dog , thought to be aged between three and six , had no microchip and no collar or ID tag . RSPCA inspector Lorna Campbell said the charity had launched an investigation . She said : `` The coat was so bad that the only option we had was to shave it all off . `` Once we 'd removed the fur , it revealed a number of sores and wounds to her skin . `` I 'd like to hear from anyone who might recognise her or know where she has come from to get in touch by calling our appeal line on 0300 123 8018 . ''	A neglected shih-tzu was found with such an overgrown coat that she was almost unrecognisable as a dog , the RSPCA has said .
The 20-year-old has yet to make a first-team appearance for the Premier League 's bottom club since coming through their youth system . However , he had an 11-game loan spell at Scottish Premiership side Dundee earlier this campaign . He has regularly featured for Villa 's under-21 side and also represented England at under-17 level . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Aston Villa midfielder Riccardo Calder has joined League One side Doncaster on loan for the rest of the season .
The local authority will use its shareholding to get the issue discussed at the Scottish Championship side 's annual general meeting . The Queens Trust hopes to secure a director 's role or a place as a non-voting member of the board . The Dumfries common good sub-committee will now back a resolution being taken to the club 's AGM . It does not guarantee a seat on the board for the supporters but does ensure the issue will be debated at the meeting to be held later this year . The club has said that its door is `` always open '' for an `` open and honest dialogue '' with fans . It has also appointed a supporter liaison officer to improve the relationship between fans and directors .	A fans ' bid to get a seat on the board at Queen of the South has been backed by Dumfries and Galloway Council .
St Kilda 's , in Brixham , has provided respite , residential and day care since the 1970s . Torbay and South Devon NHS Foundation Trust has decided services will be moved from the 24-bed home to Brixham Hospital and private care homes . The trust said it would take up to nine months to close the home describing it as being `` in a very poor condition '' . One woman , whose mother uses the service but wanted to remain anonymous , said `` it 's all up in the air '' and `` we do not know where she will be moved '' . `` I ca n't stress enough , that the service provided at St Kilda 's is essential . '' Before the announcement the trust said the building , which employees 41 members of staff , was `` no longer fit for purpose '' , and it would work with residents and families to find alternative accommodation . It said previous plans for a new purpose-built centre were conceived `` before a significant reduction in funding for adult social care . '' `` The plans did not reflect the trust 's current aspirations to deliver more care at home and in local communities rather than in hospital beds , '' the trust said . Also at the board meeting at Torbay Hospital , it was announced the trust is facing an £18m shortfall for the 2016/2017 financial year .	An NHS trust which faces an £18m shortfall has announced the closure of a care home .
Cameron Russell , 20 , from Dalry in Ayrshire , died after an incident in Sunny Beach , near the Black Sea , on Thursday . The company he worked for has posted a tribute to him on social media describing his death as a `` tragic accident '' . The Foreign Office said it was supporting the family of a British man who died in Sunny Beach . The 20-year-old was a digger driver for plant hire and industrial services firm Clearwater Ltd . In a statement posted on Facebook , it said : `` It 's with great sadness I have to tell everyone that we lost one of our young digger drivers after a tragic accident on holiday . `` Cameron 'Buff ' Russell started with the company three years ago and just turned 20 a few weeks ago . `` He was a credit to the company and his mother and father . RIP young Cammy , you will be sorely missed . '' A Foreign Office spokesman said : `` The British Embassy in Bulgaria is providing assistance to the family of a British man who has died in Sunny Beach . ''	A young Scottish man has died while on holiday at a beach resort in Bulgaria .
Arthur Collins , 25 , was wanted for questioning by police and had been urged to hand himself in by The Only Way is Essex star . A 21-year-old man has also been charged over the alleged attack at the Mangle E8 club in Hackney on 17 April . Andre Phoenix faces seven counts of grievous bodily harm . Twenty people were hurt - including two people each blinded in one eye - after being doused with a substance at the club . The Metropolitan Police said a man and a 22-year-old woman both lost their sight in one eye . Other people were treated for severe burns following the alleged attack . The substance has not yet been confirmed but samples retrieved from the scene have been sent for analysis . The man blinded in one eye and another victim , a 29-year-old man , were transferred to a specialist burns hospital in Essex and have since been discharged . Mr Collins was arrested at an address in Rushden , Northamptonshire , on Saturday . Mr Phoenix will appear at Thames Magistrates ' Court on Monday . A 24-year-old old man arrested in north London over the attack on Friday has since been released , police said .	The boyfriend of TV celebrity Ferne McCann has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an alleged nightclub acid attack .
Officers fired tear gas to disperse crowds in several north-western cities and towns , and there were many arrests . The protests were sparked by a children 's television programme aired on Friday that ridiculed the accents of Azeris and included offensive jokes . The state broadcaster has apologised for the `` unforgivable mistake '' . `` The managers and individuals involved in this regrettable issue which offended our Azeri-speaking compatriots will be seriously confronted and this incident will be fully investigated , '' the head of Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting ( IRIB ) , Mohammad Sarafraz , was quoted as saying by the Fars news agency . `` We will increase our efforts to strengthen ethnic unity and national cohesion . '' There are approximately 13 million ethnic Azeris in Iran , or 16 % of the population . The US state department says Azeris are well integrated into government and society , but that they have accused the government of discriminating against them by prohibiting the Azeri language in schools , harassing Azeri activists or organisers , and changing Azeri geographic names . Azeri groups also say a number of Azeri political prisoners have been jailed for advocating cultural and language rights for Azeris . The government has charged several of them with `` revolting against the Islamic state '' .	Police in Iran have clashed with people protesting against what they say is the state broadcaster 's offensive portrayal of the country 's Azeri ethnic minority .
The 29-year-old man and 33-year-old woman were detained following a police operation in Clydebank on Thursday . Officers were investigating thefts in the town and nearby Old Kilpatrick between 6 May and 29 June . The man was arrested in connection with nine thefts and will be reported to prosecutors over a further 31 others . The woman was arrested in connection with eight thefts .	Two people have been arrested over a spate of thefts in West Dunbartonshire .
They are joined by Heather Watson , 24 , and Murray 's older brother Jamie , 30 , in the four-strong team . Andy Murray , 29 , claimed gold in the men 's singles and silver in the mixed doubles at London 2012 . Konta , 25 , will be playing in her first Games , but it will be a second appearance for Watson and a third for Jamie Murray . World number 18 Konta said : `` It 's such an honour to have the rare opportunity to represent my country in an Olympic Games . I 'm looking forward to doing my part for Team GB and supporting my team-mates across all the sports . '' Former Wimbledon champion Murray added : `` Playing for Team GB during London 2012 gave me some of the best memories I have in sport . `` Being a home Olympic Games , it was such a special occasion and the atmosphere at Wimbledon was like nothing I have ever experienced . `` Winning medals for your country is as good as it gets and I ca n't wait to get to Rio to try and win more medals . '' Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	British number ones Andy Murray and Johanna Konta have been named in Team GB 's tennis squad for the Rio Olympics .
The 30-year-old left the Cherry and Whites earlier this summer following five years at Kingsholm , where he scored eight tries in 98 appearances . `` Dan will bring a wealth of experience in a key area for the team , '' Quins director of rugby John Kingston told the club website . Harlequins have not disclosed the length of the loosehead 's contract at the Twickenham Stoop .	Premiership side Harlequins have signed former Gloucester prop Dan Murphy .
Canadian writer Kelly Oxford called on women to tweet their first experiences of sexual assault on Friday . She described five personal experiences of being assaulted , including on a bus at the age of 12 . She continues to receive stories `` every second '' . Many women tweeted under the # NotOkay hashtag . Women from around the world described being raped by public safety officers at university , groped by colleagues at work , stripped by police officers and molested by doctors , dentists and x-ray technicians . Many of the stories recounted described assaults that took place when the women were underage , some as infants . The exposure of `` predatory males have made us stronger '' , Ms Oxford tweeted , adding `` we realized the shame we carry is their shame '' . The tweets can be read here . Someone is sexually assaulted every two minutes in the United States , according to anti-sexual violence organisation RAINN . Nine out of every 10 rape victims are female .	Tens of thousands of women have been sharing their experiences of sexual assault on Twitter after a video showed US presidential candidate Donald Trump boasting about groping women .
The Tigers , who are 19th in the Premier League , rejected a bid from West Ham earlier this month for the 29-year-old midfielder . The Scotland international , who joined Hull from Norwich in 2014 , has scored seven Premier League goals this season . The Tigers say the move is now down to the player and he has not yet gone for a medical at Burnley . Hull have so far rejected offers of up to £6m from West Ham for Snodgrass , who missed Sunday 's 2-0 defeat at Chelsea with what manager Marco Silva described as `` a small injury in the knee '' . West Ham remain interested but Silva is reluctant to part with Snodgrass having already sold midfielder Jake Livermore to West Brom for an undisclosed fee , believed to be £10m . Any deal for Snodgrass would have to be for about the same price . Snodgrass has been linked with a move away from the KC Stadium since December , before Hull triggered a one-year contract extension , tying him to the club until the end of the 2017-18 season . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .	Hull City have accepted a bid in the region of £10m from Burnley for top scorer Robert Snodgrass .
Swansea 's Johns made history early in the evening at the SSE Arena in Belfast by becoming the first Welshman to win a UFC bout . The 24-year-old beat South Korean Kwan Ho Kwak on an impressive unanimous decision . Abertillery 's Marshman beat Sweden 's Magnus Cedenblad by technical knockout in a middleweight fight . Marshman looked to be suffering as his opponent pinned him to the ground for most of the first round . Media playback is not supported on this device But a stunning series of punches left Cedenblad unable to continue and 26-year-old Marshman won by technical knockout . `` You ca n't get much of a better feeling than I 've got right now . I 'm ecstatic , '' Marshman said . `` I 'm sure the UFC must be thinking 'Look at the Welsh guys coming in and getting two wins . '' Johns , 24 , only received the call-up to the UFC earlier in November . had earlier put in put in an assured performance . `` All of my fights get tough but I just dug deep and got another win , '' said Johns , fighting at bantamweight , '' Johns said . `` I 've got a good team , good family behind me who support me all the way and I 'm very thankful . ''	Welsh fighters Jack Marshman and Brett Johns both won their debut fights in the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
The 58-year-old man had been on the run from St Helier 's Correctional Centre in Muswellbrook since 24 July . He was discovered on Sunday inside the kitchen cupboard of a home in Alfords Point , 164 miles ( 264km ) away . New South Wales police say he has been charged with escaping custody and was due to go to court on Monday . It was not immediately clear why the man was being held at the correctional centre . He was first noticed missing in July after a head count and could not be found after a search of the grounds and surrounding area . The man has not been named by police .	An Australian prisoner who escaped from a New South Wales jail earlier this year has been found hiding in a kitchen cupboard , police say .
A statement from the film 's production company Alcon Entertainment confirmed the accident occurred on a soundstage at Origo Studios . It said the worker was `` underneath a platform , upon which the set was constructed , when it suddenly collapsed '' . The cause of the accident is not yet known . A Hungarian news website , Index , reported the worker had been dismantling the set as production had already moved to another location . The untitled sequel to Blade Runner , which will star Ryan Gosling , Harrison Ford and Jared Leto , is due to be released next autumn . The sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film is being directed by Denis Villeneuve , who was also behind Sicario and Prisoners filmmaker . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	A construction worker has been killed on the set of the sequel to Blade Runner , which was filming in Budapest .
29 July 2016 Last updated at 07:48 BST The event will see more than 10 thousand athletes from around 200 nations come together to compete in 28 sports . The Olympics only happen every four years and Team GB will be hoping to win lots of medals . The BBC 's Olympic reporter , Nick Hope , will be there and sent us this preview .	It 's just a week until the start of the 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil .
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif instructed authorities to respect `` the sanctity of the holy month '' , by observing a moratorium on executions . Ramadan began in most parts of the country on Friday . More than 170 people have been hanged in Pakistan since December , prompting criticism from human rights organisations . Mr Sharif notified the Interior Ministry and provincial governments of the month-long suspension on Thursday . Pakistan is believed to have the largest number of death row inmates in the world . Some 8,200 prisoners are awaiting execution - many of whom have been in jail for over a decade . A seven-year moratorium on the death penalty was lifted late last year in response to a deadly Taliban attack on a school in Peshawar . Amnesty International said it had seen `` a conveyor belt of executions '' since then . At least 15 people were put to death earlier this week , in jails across the country . The majority had been convicted of murder and spent many years on death row .	Pakistan has ordered the temporary suspension of the death penalty during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan .
The England international , 30 , joined Surrey from Worcestershire in 2009 . He has scored 10,878 runs in 182 first-class matches , including 21 centuries . `` He is a player of high class . Steven still harbours ambitions of playing for England and we will all work hard to support him , '' director of cricket Matt Maynard told the club website . Davies has been second-choice keeper to Ben Foakes at Surrey this summer . `` I have made no secret of my desire to play for England again and I hope that a new challenge along with a return to wicket-keeping will help kick my career onto the next level , '' he said . The left-hander will make his last appearance for Surrey in Saturday 's One-Day Cup final against Warwickshire , having scored 373 runs to help the county reach Lord 's .	Surrey wicketkeeper-batsman Steven Davies will join Somerset on an three-year deal from next season after he rejected a new contract at The Oval .
Glass Butter Beach takes place at Abersoch from Friday 19 to Sunday 21 August with a wakeboarding competition with a Â£10,000 prize pot . Irish pop-rock band Kodaline are also on the main stage during the festival . Festival founder Mark Durston said : `` We 've announced some incredible talent today with a lot more still to come . ''	Indie rock band Wolf Alice and musician Katy B are among the line-up at this summer 's music , beach , surf and skate festival in Gwynedd .
Warren , who led overnight , hit three bogeys and a triple bogey on the last six holes in Kuala Lumpur as his three-over round left him on six under . Bernd Wiesberger leads on 12 under after his second round 63 included nine straight birdies . England 's Danny Willett carded a 67 and is one shot behind Wiesberger . Willett , the 2016 Masters champion , hit six birdies and a bogey in his second round . `` I played really well on Thursday and it was a little bit scrappy , '' said Willett . `` I holed a couple of nice putts when I needed to . I missed a couple of good chances too , but if someone told me at the start of the day ( you will post ) five under , I would have bitten their hand off . `` The last few weeks I 've been trying to hit a fade and I 've been hitting them straight left and getting in all sorts of problems , so everything has come on nicely . `` But I 've been working hard so it 's nice to do it on the course . ''	Scotland 's Marc Warren lost the lead of the Maybank Championship after a second round of 75 , while England 's Danny Willett moved a shot off first place .
Some Baggies supporters ignored a warning not to sell tickets in the home section to opposing fans . Crowd trouble occurred after Michy Batshuayi 's late winner . West Brom chief executive Martin Goodman said any supporters `` who could be traced selling on tickets to visiting supporters faced sanctions '' . He added : `` Naturally it is a matter of great disappointment for all at Albion and our thousands of genuine fans that a tiny minority would put profit before backing their team . `` We will also co-operate fully with police to help identify anyone clearly guilty of disorder offences during the disturbance . '' West Midlands Police said seven of those arrested were charged with pitch invasion . They are due to appear before Dudley Magistrates ' Court later this month . A 35-year-old man from Solihull was arrested on suspicion of a public order offence and a man from Suffolk , 32 , was detained over suspected criminal damage and assault . Both have been bailed .	West Brom are to investigate crowd disturbances during Chelsea 's title-clinching 1-0 win at The Hawthorns on Friday , after nine fans were arrested .
The blockage , at Buttercrane Quay , was caused by fat , oil and grease mixing with rubbish such as baby wipes and sanitary items . NI Water said such blockages can cause out-of-sewer flooding , odour problems and rat infestations . The company appealed to the public and businesses to dispose of fat , oil and grease properly . `` Fat , oil and grease in its liquid form may not look harmful , but it becomes a major problem once in our drains , '' NI Water 's Jim McElrath said . `` Even when hot water or soap is poured down the sink - the fat , oil and grease will still harden . Detergents and bleach may also appear to work , but this is only temporary . `` Each year , NI Water spends valuable resources fixing avoidable problems . '' He added : `` We are doing our part by investing in the network , however , we will never win this battle alone ; upgrading sewers will not stop blockages if the public are going to continue flushing inappropriate items such as wipes and disposing of fat , oil and grease down the drain . ''	NI Water has said a `` massive fatberg '' in a Newry drain has taken them five hours to clear .
The 27-year-old forward has agreed a three-year contract at Craven Cottage , with the Whites having an option to extend the deal by a further 12 months . France-born Ayite began his career at Bordeaux and has also had loan spells at Angers and Nancy . He joined Reims in the summer of 2011 and then moved on to Bastia in 2014 . Ayite is Fulham 's second signing of the transfer window following the arrival of defender Michael Madl in May . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Championship side Fulham have signed Togo international Floyd Ayite from French Ligue 1 side Bastia for an undisclosed fee .
The 23-year-old 's new deal means he is now under contract with the Championship club until 2019 . Bonham has played seven times for the Bees , making his Championship debut against Barnsley in April . Brentford boss Dean Smith said Bonham `` needs to play matches '' to fulfil his `` great potential '' .	Brentford goalkeeper Jack Bonham has signed a one-year contract extension with the club and then joined League Two Carlisle on loan until January .
The scheme would combine the stock exchanges of the UK , Germany and Italy and some big clearing houses to create Europe 's largest exchange operator . Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said it had to make sure that financial markets remained `` competitive '' . Shareholders of the LSE and Deutsche Boerse have already approved the plan . The European Union 's anti-trust watchdog says such a merger could eliminate competition in areas such as bonds , derivatives and repurchasing agreements . The LSE said that to deal with the body 's concerns , it would try to dispose of its French subsidiary LCH . Each of the companies has more than 5,000 staff and in June , the LSE said that the merger could lead to as many as 1,250 job losses . The deal is expected to produce Â£215m in annual cost savings over five years , with Â£138m of those achieved by the third year , while the headquarters in London and Frankfurt would both be kept . If it goes ahead , LSE shareholders will own 45.6 % of the new holding company with the rest being held by Deutsche Boerse shareholders .	The European Commission is planning to open an in-depth investigation into the planned Â£21bn merger of London 's Stock Exchange and Germany 's Deutsche Boerse .
Flint , 19 , was released by City in October , and had since been playing for third-tier side Preston North End . `` I think it 's the right move for me to come along to County and set myself some new challenges , '' she told the Women 's Super League 1 club 's website . `` I 'm looking to score and to supply goals . If I can bring trophies to Notts County I 'll be very happy . ''	Notts County Ladies have signed former Manchester City forward Natasha Flint on a one-year contract .
The 29-year-old has scored 24 goals in 80 matches since joining the Canaries from Stoke City in the summer of 2014 . Of those goals , 21 came in 2014-15 as Norwich won Championship promotion , but they were relegated last season . `` It 's nice to get this deal over the line early on so I can come back fully focused for next season , '' he said . `` Within a couple of weeks of joining I realised what a good club this was . It 's a good set of players and the manager is really enthusiastic and wants to help the lads improve . `` We need to come back with fresh optimism to get the job done and get promoted again next season . ''	Norwich City striker Cameron Jerome has signed a new three-year contract , with an option in the club 's favour to extend it by a further 12 months .
The constables , aged 47 and 35 , were quizzed over conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office , and conspiracy to steal and supply drugs . The officers , based at Perry Barr , Birmingham , were arrested in early morning raids . Five other men and one woman were also arrested in the raids by West Midlands Police 's counter corruption unit . `` All are being questioned at police stations across the West Midlands , '' a force spokesman said . More on this and other Birmingham news The other people arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office , conspiracy to steal and to supply drugs were a 42-year-old man and a woman , 36 , both from Derby , and a man aged 28 from Alum Rock . A 42-year-old-man from Washwood Heath , a man aged 27 from Alum Rock and another man , 25 , from Aston are being questioned on conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office .	Two policemen have been arrested on suspicion of supplying drugs and corruption offences .
More than 700 people have bought `` community shares '' in The Bevy , which is in the Bevendean and Moulscoombe area of Brighton . The pub was closed in 2010 , but after raising Â£200,000 , it has re-opened with a cafe and community space . Father John Wall , the Vicar of Moulsecoomb , performed a blessing at the pub for its opening . He said : `` Every community deserves a decent church and a decent pub . `` St. Andrew 's can do the church bit , and we are hugely supportive of The Bevy as our pub . '' The pub used to be called The Bevendean Hotel . Warren Clarke , who is the chairman of The Bevy 's committee , said when it closed it left 18,000 nearby residents without a pub . He said : `` We have finally realised our dream . `` That first pint will be the best I have ever tasted , but more than that , we think The Bevy can be a blueprint of how to run pubs up and down the country . ''	A community-owned pub - claimed to be the first of its kind situated on a housing estate - has opened its doors .
The 25-year-old British number two beat the Czech 6-4 7-6 ( 7-3 ) despite going 4-1 down in the second set and being broken when serving for the match . Watson will reach the first round if she beats Richel Hogenkamp on Friday . Dutchwoman Hogenkamp , 25 , won their only previous meeting in last year 's US Open first round and is 13 places above Watson at 105 in the world rankings . Watson missed out on direct entry to a Grand Slam for the first time in three years after slipping down the rankings . But she has qualified successfully three times before for Roland Garros , reaching the second round five times . Meanwhile , British number four Laura Robson is to work with the academy co-founded by Stan Wawrinka 's coach Magnus Norman . Robson , who has suffered injury problems over the last couple of years , returned to the world 's top 200 by winning a tournament in Japan last week .	Heather Watson moved one match away from qualifying for the French Open after beating Tereza Smitkova in Paris .
The bomb disposal squadron carried out a series of controlled demolitions between 06:30 and 07:00 BST on Tuesday . They were blowing up misfired flares left over when search and rescue services moved from RAF Valley to Caernarfon last month . Members of the public were warned to expect explosions and smoke on the airfield on Tuesday morning .	Smoke flares used by search and rescue teams have been blown up on Anglesey .
Is there something you have seen or heard that you would like us to investigate ? It could be a burning issue or something you have always wondered about the area or its people . Use the tool below to send us your questions . We could be in touch and your question could make the news .	Have you got a question about Stoke and Staffordshire ?
The idea was mooted in an informal council survey as officials look to update existing legal orders tackling dog fouling and anti-social behaviour . A council report has backed the idea for dogs to be kept on leads near park visitor centres , but not a wider area . People in breach of public orders can face fixed penalty fines . Dog exclusion zones already exist on marked sports pitches and play areas in Wrexham , apart from owners with assistance dogs . Extending the order to pavements and some parkland could cost an additional £20,000 in signage costs , according to the report . A scrutiny committee meeting at the Guildhall on Wednesday agreed to allow a formal consultation to take place to push ideas forward .	Dog owners could be required to put pets on leads in country parks and on pavements under new public order plans being drawn up in Wrexham .
The Bluebirds had lost £12m in the previous financial year during their debut Premier League campaign and £30m in 2013-14 , when they won promotion . Owner Vincent Tan has said he is ready to halve Cardiff 's £140m debt . The club were placed under a transfer embargo in January following a breach of Financial Fair Play rules . In 2014-15 , Cardiff reduced their annual player wage bill by more than £8m , down to £30.8m from £38.9m the previous year . Cardiff 's latest accounts also indicate that the club paid just over £3m relating to `` employment termination costs and payments to other football clubs in compensation for the release of employee 's contracts . '' Former manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer left the Bluebirds in September 2014 and he was replaced by ex-Leyton Orient boss Russell Slade in October 2014 .	Cardiff City made a profit of £3.8m in their first season after relegation to the Championship , the year ending May 2015 , according to the club 's accounts .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 22 December 2014 Last updated at 10:48 GMT But an ingenious cover makes hardware store drills safe for surgery - at a tiny fraction of the cost of specialist surgical drills . In poorer countries , surgeons often have to rely on time-consuming manual drills for bone operations . By making power drills affordable , the sterile cover allows surgeons to operate faster and help more patients . The drill covers have been developed by a company called Arbutus Medical . Catherine Byaruhanga reports from Uganda . More stories from Health Check	Being operated on with an ordinary power drill might not sound too appealing .
Bill Hawkes , 54 , and 14-year-old Ciaran Hawkes were killed after their Mazda MX5 was involved in a collision with a Kia Optima on the A91 near Auchtermuchty . Mr Hawkes and his son , who were from the Falkirk area , were travelling home from a classic car show . Inquiries into the crash are continuing and police have asked any further witnesses to contact them . A statement from the Hawkes family said : `` Bill and Ciaran sadly died in a vehicle accident after attending a classic car show on Sunday . Their deaths are such a tragic loss . `` During their lives , both Bill and Ciaran touched so many people with their kindness , friendliness , thoughtfulness and generosity of spirit . `` They will be hugely missed by family and friends . The family is finding it extremely difficult to come to terms with this tragic sudden loss . ''	Police have said a man and boy killed in a road crash in Fife on Sunday were a father and son .
Moudga Soure died in hospital . Njob Medi and Rene Pasletek Blaisse are in a stable condition . The tragedy occurred during the building of a passage to the dressing room at the stadium in Yaounde . Refurbishment works are being carried out before Cameroon hosts the Africa Women Cup of Nations in November . All three workers involved in the accident are Cameroonians .	A worker has been killed and two more injured in Cameroon after a section of the Amadou Ahidjo Stadium collapsed during construction work .
Stone said he would make a movie in India `` if there was a great story '' . He said Indian cinema was `` very prolific and vital '' and that he had used that vitality in his 1994 film Natural Born Killers . The movie is about two young lovers who commit numerous robberies and murders during a wild three-week spree . Stone is in the western Indian city of Mumbai ( Bombay ) to receive a lifetime achievement award at a prominent film festival . `` Indian cinema is very prolific . I ca n't keep up . I used that vitality in Natural Born Killers . I love that the films switch from comedy to romance and then to tragedy . I love that , '' Stone told reporters . He said he had studied Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray 's works in school . Asked if he would make a movie in India , Stone said : `` If there was a great story . If I had Danny Boyle 's luck , I 'd make Slumdog Millionaire . There was a good detective story [ based in India ] written two years ago but ... '' Stone shot parts of his film Alexander in the Ladakh region which he described as `` beautiful '' . Stone said his 10-part documentary mini-series , The Untold History of America , will air sometime next year .	Oscar-winning director Oliver Stone says he loves Indian cinema for `` being able to switch between comedy , romance and tragedy at the same time '' .
Mr Ross , who is currently a junior minister in the Executive , has been an MLA for East Antrim since 2007 . He said it had been `` an enormous privilege to represent the people of East Antrim at the NI Assembly for the past ten years '' . Mr Ross said he had taken a decision `` when elected in May 2016 that it would be my final election '' .	The DUP 's Alastair Ross has announced that he will not stand for re-election at the forthcoming Assembly election .
14 May 2017 Last updated at 11:16 BST Salvador Sobral won with his song 'Amar Pelos Dois ' , which translates as For the Both of Us . It was written by his sister . The song got 758 points - much higher than last year 's winner which only got 534 points . Lucie Jones , who represented the UK with ' I 'll Never Give Up on You ' , came 15th with 111 points .	Portugal has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time ever .
Calum Warrilow , from Leicestershire , was fatally injured on the A1 near Grantham when he was struck by a car on 13 September . Kenneth Wallace , of Church Lane , Stibbington , Cambridgeshire , admitted a charge of causing death by dangerous driving at Lincoln Crown Court . The 53-year-old is due to be sentenced at the same court on Thursday . More on this and other local stories from across Lincolnshire Further charges brought against the defendant of failing to stop and failing to report a road accident have been dropped .	A man charged with causing the death of a 17-year-old scooter rider in a crash in Lincolnshire has pleaded guilty .
Ex-England , Liverpool and Blackburn left-back Warnock , 34 , made 22 appearances for the Rams last season but joined Wigan Athletic on loan in February after Paul Clement was sacked . Warnock played 11 times for the Latics , helping them win the League One title . Striker Sammon , 29 , spent last season on loan with Sheffield United in League One , scoring six goals in 19 starts . Winger Alefe Santos has been offered a new deal , but fellow out-of-contract Under-21 players Ivan Calero , Tom Koblenz , Mats Morch , Kwame Thomas and Shaquille McDonald have been released .	Stephen Warnock and Conor Sammon have not been offered new deals by Championship side Derby County .
Twenty-six children were taken to hospital following the crash in Holme Lacy Road at 08:20 GMT on Monday . West Mercia Police confirmed they had identified another `` vehicle '' which may have been travelling in the opposite direction at the time . A spokesman said the driver of the vehicle would be interviewed on Wednesday . No-one has been arrested . The pupils had been travelling to Bishop of Hereford 's Bluecoat School and St Mary 's Roman Catholic School at the time of the crash . On the Bluecoat School website , head teacher Sara Catlow-Hawkins said the coach had been `` forced to veer off the road . '' The children were badly shaken and a number suffered cuts and bruises , she added . The driver of the bus was treated in intensive care at Hereford County Hospital .	A driver will be questioned by police after a bus carrying 53 pupils overturned in Hereford .
The 18-year-old defender , who signed his first professional deal at the Riverside in April 2017 , has been admitted to the Freeman Hospital in Newcastle for treatment . `` We were all saddened and shocked to the hear news about Anthony , '' said manager Garry Monk . `` He 's got our full support and we 'll be with him every step of the way . '' A statement on the club website said : `` As a club we have been right behind Anthony and the family , offering logistical and moral support and as everyone , Anthony especially , comes to terms with the situation the need for continued support from everyone is obvious . '' Wolves goalkeeper Carl Ikeme , 31 , was also diagnosed with leukaemia at the start of July . Wolves will host Middlesbrough on the first day of the new Championship season on 5 August .	Middlesbrough academy player Anthony Renton has been diagnosed with leukaemia .
It saw the Englishman , who dropped out of the world 's top 10 last month for the first time since winning the Green Jacket in April , climb into tied third . Spaniard Cabrera-Bello carded a 65 to lead on 11 under par , three shots ahead of Australia 's Sam Brazel in Fanling . England 's Tommy Fleetwood is alongside compatriot Willett at six under par . Willett , who pulled out of the World Cup of Golf last month with a back injury , holed six birdies to move up the leaderboard . `` It 's nice to be in this position after the last few months , '' said the 29-year-old . `` I came out here probably as fresh as I 've been for a month and a half . '' Fellow Englishman and defending champion Justin Rose finished the day on one under par and said he had been worried about missing the cut until he rolled in three late birdies . `` I was on plus one halfway through the back nine . From that point , you 're aware of the cut line and it was nice just to get it , '' said the Olympic gold medallist .	Masters champion Danny Willett shot a four-under-par 66 to move five strokes behind leader Rafa Cabrera-Bello at the Hong Kong Open on Friday .
The victim , aged in his 40s , died in hospital after the assault close to McDonald 's in Warrington Street , Ashton-under-Lyne , on Wednesday night . Three boys - the others aged 16 and 17 - were arrested over the weekend . They remain in custody , along with another boy , 16 , arrested on Saturday , Greater Manchester Police said . The force said the victim had not yet been formally identified , and the force is continuing to appeal for witnesses . Det Insp Kevin O'Regan said : `` This has been quite a fast moving investigation and we have now made three further arrests . `` Our investigation continues and I would urge anybody with information to please contact police . ''	Three boys , one aged 12 , have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was fatally injured outside a fast food restaurant in Greater Manchester .
The statement from the firm came just days after it announced the sale of the Financial Times to Japan 's Nikkei . Pearson said it was in discussions regarding the sale of the Economist but there was `` no certainty that this process will lead to a transaction '' . It did not name the potential buyers , but Italy 's Agnelli family said it was in talks to increase its holding . Exor , the investment arm of the Agnelli family , currently holds a 4.72 % stake in the Economist Group . The firm said on its website that any increased investment would `` represent a minority shareholding in the the Economist ... reflecting Exor 's strong commitment to the editorial independence that lies at the heart of the Economist 's ethos and success '' . It also stressed that there was no certainty of a deal . Other Economist shareholders include the family dynasties Cadbury , Rothschild and Schroder . The Financial Times reported that the 50 % stake was valued at Â£400m and that the sale was likely to be concluded over the summer . The Economist Group includes in the Economist magazine , the research company the Economist Intelligence Unit and the US legislative information provider CQ Roll Call . On Thursday Pearson agreed to sell the Financial Times for Â£844m as part of the group 's strategy to focus just on education .	Publishing company Pearson has confirmed plans to sell its 50 % stake in the Economist Group .
The number of cruise ships visiting Orkney will top the 80 mark for the first time in 2015 , with 83 port calls by liners so far expected - four more than in 2014 . They have the capacity to carry more than 80,000 passengers and 25,000 crew . More bookings are still expected for 2015 . With 64,000 passengers visiting in 2014 , the council estimated that Orkney 's cruise ship industry generated around £4m for the economy . Michael Morrison , business development manager for Orkney Islands Council 's marine services , said : `` We 're all set for a record-breaking year for cruise ship visits . `` We 're seeing more visits by bigger vessels , resulting in greater overall passenger numbers for Orkney . `` The increase in the size of ships visiting demonstrates the confidence that the industry has in our ability to deliver a first class experience for visiting passengers . `` Orkney remains , despite stiff competition from other developing cruise ports , the most popular cruise ship destination in the United Kingdom . '' The Disney Magic liner is among those expected in 2015 .	Orkney 's cruise liner industry was worth more than £4m to the local economy in 2014 , and the islands are now set for their busiest ever year .
The 29-year-old Republic of Ireland winger scored against Celtic in the 2-1 Scottish Cup final defeat last season . Hayes , who was under contract at Pittodrie until 2019 , had also been linked with English Championship outfit Cardiff City . The former Leicester City player previously worked with Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers at Reading . Aberdeen rejected two offers from Cardiff for Hayes in January , and the Championship side resumed their interest at the end of the season . Cardiff manager Neil Warnock admitted defeat in their pursuit of the winger , though , with the player opting to rejoin Rodgers at Celtic Park . Hayes has made 206 Aberdeen appearances in all competitions , scoring 29 goals , since arriving from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2012 . He provided 19 assists in the Premiership last season , the highest in the division , and was a member of the Republic of Ireland squad called up for the 1-1 draw with Austria last week , although Hayes did not add to his three international caps .	Celtic have agreed to sign Aberdeen winger Jonny Hayes for an undisclosed fee , subject to a medical .
Police said a red Jaguar XS and a silver Vauxhall Corsa crashed on the Luton Road in Fancott , near Toddington , at 23:18 GMT on Tuesday . The male Corsa driver and a female passenger were pronounced dead at the scene . A third passenger , a female , was taken to the Luton and Dunstable Hospital , but later died . One victim was 18 and two were in their 20s and from the Luton area . See more on this story and other news on Beds , Herts & Bucks Live . The driver of the Jaguar , a man in his 60s also from the Luton area , is still being treated for his injuries in hospital . The cars were travelling in the opposite directions when they collided . Police have appealed for witnesses , saying they 're particularly keen to speak to the driver of a vehicle that was travelling in front of the Corsa before the crash .	Three people have been killed after two cars crashed head-on in Bedfordshire .
The 26-year-old made nine appearances for Saints this season after joining from Hull KR in October 2016 . Walker could make his debut against his former side Huddersfield on Friday . Coach Chris Chester said : `` I have worked with Adam for a number of years , and we have got a good relationship . He is one of the best young British forwards in Super League . ''	Wakefield Trinity have signed St Helens prop Adam Walker on a two-and-a-half-year deal .
The 36-year-old former Sale and Saracens fly-half , capped 38 times by England , will work under Exiles director of rugby Nick Kennedy . Hodgson amassed 2,623 points in his Premiership career before making his final appearance in May 2016 . England women and former London Welsh assistant coach Matthew Ferguson also joins the club as scrum coach . Irish , promoted back to the Premiership in May , begin their season against Harlequins at Twickenham in the London Double Header on Saturday , 2 September .	Premiership record points scorer Charlie Hodgson has joined London Irish as kicking coach .
Members of the Rail , Maritime and Transport union claim the company 's disciplinary process was `` flawed '' . The case involves a `` missing Kindle '' from a train the man in question was working on , and `` inconclusive '' CCTV evidence , the union said . A spokesman for Virgin Trains said the company was `` disappointed '' by the news . `` We do not believe action is necessary and continue to discuss this issue with the union to avoid any disruption to customers , '' he added . The union said it believed there were several reasons why the man , who was based in Edinburgh , should not have been sacked and called on Virgin Trains to `` reinstate '' him . The union claims not every member of staff on duty was interviewed about the case and CCTV evidence was inconclusive and has been destroyed . The union will start distributing voting papers to all those in the company working in onboard catering , guards , and at station and ticket offices on Monday 12 October . The ballot will close on Tuesday 27 October.â€Ž Services on the Virgin Trains East Coast route currently run from London King 's Cross to Inverness and Aberdeen , serving locations such as Edinburgh , Glasgow , Peterborough , Doncaster , Leeds , York and Newcastle .	Almost 1,400 workers for Virgin Trains East Coast are to be balloted on whether to take industrial action over the sacking of a colleague .
The Fishermen 's Mission in Newlyn opened in 1903 , but the charity said the building was no longer cost-effective to run . It sold the centre to a local businessman , and said it hoped to use the proceeds to benefit the area . The mission provides practical and spiritual support for fishermen and their families . Julian Waring , from the charity , said that in the 1960s and 1970s there was a demand to house fishermen , feed them fresh meals and provide clothing in emergencies . He said : `` Those demands have changed . We 're still here in Newlyn and a memorial room will remain , but there 's no need for accommodation or a canteen . If accommodation is needed we 'll house them in a B & B . `` To manage a building comes at a huge cost and if it 's not used to its full potential it needs to be reassessed . '' Mr Waring said 88p of every £1 donated to the charity was spent helping fishermen and the move would allow the charity to `` better serve the county as a whole '' rather than just Newlyn . In 2014 the mission provided emergency grants of £500 to fishermen in Cornwall who were unable to work due to prolonged winter storms . The mission has had a presence in Cornwall since 1896 . It was initially based in Penzance and moved to Newlyn in 1903 .	A charity which has supported fishermen for more than 100 years has sold its base in Cornwall .
The UUP 's Tom Elliott said there should have been arrests after about 20 people in paramilitary-style uniforms led a parade into the city cemetery . Police have said evidence gathered will be reviewed and prosecutions pursued if offences were committed . A spokesperson said a proportionate and appropriate policing operation is implemented for all parades . Earlier , Ulster Unionist Mr Elliott questioned why no arrests were made : `` Obviously when you look at the type of parade that it was , when you look at those clad in paramilitary-style uniforms there are questions for police . `` Were they interested in moving in at that time and making any arrests ? `` It appears that they were n't and if not are they prepared to do that now ? '' About 2,000 people attended the parade organised by Saoradh . The parade started in the Bogside at Free Derry Corner and made its way into the Creggan estate where a wreath was laid at a republican memorial . The main oration was given by Paul Duffy , a former republican prisoner , and brother of the prominent dissident Colin Duffy .	The police have responded to criticism following a dissident republican parade in Londonderry on Easter Monday .
Coates replaces Glen Harris , who left the club on Sunday . The 25-year-old was previously head coach of Leeds United 's reserves side , before joining the Belles in 2014 . Doncaster won promotion to the top flight last season , but are bottom of the table after losing their first three games of the season . `` I 'm delighted to have been given the chance to take charge of a team with such a great history in the women 's game , '' said Coates . `` The club have supported me throughout my development and I 'm looking forward to leading the team forward . `` We now have to focus on developing some momentum for the second half of the season . ''	Struggling Women 's Super League One side Doncaster Rovers Belles have appointed assistant first-team coach Emma Coates as their new manager .
10 September 2015 Last updated at 21:02 BST Here he tours a bottle factory that has just been bombed and is still smoking - causing numerous casualties . The Saudi Arabian government claims it was being used as a weapons factory and a training camp for African mercenaries , but the BBC saw no evidence to support that . Part one of Gabriel Gatehouse 's special report is here . Part two is on BBC Newsnight on Friday 11 September at 22:30 BST and on iPlayer .	The BBC 's Gabriel Gatehouse has just returned from Yemen , where he had rare access to the scale of the humanitarian crisis .
The 31-year-old is eligible to play in Wednesday 's Scottish Championship home match against St Mirren . Last week , with three goalkeepers injured , Raith fielded midfielder Ryan Stevenson in goal for the 1-0 defeat by Ayr United . As well as his homeland , Penksa has also played club football in Cyprus , Czech Republic and Hungary . Rovers have Kevin Cuthbert and Aaron Lennox out for up to six weeks while fellow keeper Conor Brennan faces around four more weeks on the sidelines .	Raith Rovers have signed Slovakian goalkeeper Pavol Penksa until the end of the season .
Marcelinho marked his debut by giving the visitors the lead in the first half , poking home from close range . Portugal dominated from then on but were frustrated by stout Bulgarian defending in Leiria . Ronaldo , who missed from the spot for Real Madrid against Sevilla on Sunday , saw his second-half penalty saved after Nikolay Bodurov 's handball . Ronaldo 's spot-kick failure was not damaging for Real as his club side beat Sevilla 4-0 in La Liga but it did prove costly for his country as Portugal could not find a breakthrough despite having 30 shots on goal .	Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty for the second successive game as Portugal lost at home to Bulgaria in a friendly .
In a quiet first half , Tarique Fosu broke the deadlock , capitalising on York goalkeeper Scott Flinders ' mistake to finish into the bottom corner . Bradley Fewster came close to converting for the Minstermen , before Josh Windass doubled Stanley 's lead with a strike from the edge of the box . After numerous York chances , Windass added a late third for Stanley . Following Stanley 's dominant start , York began to create chances of their own . Fewster turned and shot over the bar before Luke Summerfield placed his effort straight at Accrington goalkeeper Ross Etheridge . The result leaves York 10 points behind Newport with only two games left , as the Minstermen 's four-year stay in the Football League is brought to an end . Meanwhile second-placed Stanley strengthened their chances of automatic promotion to League One , stretching their buffer to the play-offs to two points after Plymouth lost to Dagenham and Redbridge .	York City were relegated from the Football League after losing at promotion-chasing Accrington Stanley .
Forty of the jets will be bought by leasing company Macquarie AirFinance in a deal worth about $ 3bn ( Â£1.84bn ) , based on current prices . The company has an option to buy 10 more . Bombardier now has 243 firm orders for the C-Series , edging closer to the company 's target of 300 by the time the plane enters service in late 2015 . The wings for the aircraft will be made in Belfast , supporting 800 jobs . The C-Series programme has experienced repeated delays and rising costs that have worried investors . Test flights resumed in September after an on-ground engine fire halted them in May . The aerospace company is one of Northern Ireland 's biggest employers . About 5,000 permanent employees and about 1,000 temporary and contract staff work at its Belfast base .	Bombardier 's C-Series aircraft programme has been boosted by one of its biggest orders to date .
Mr Greenwood , 42 , was found in the hallway of his four-storey house in the city on 7 April . He had been stabbed in the chest and neck . Michael Danaher , 50 , of Hadrians Court , Peterborough , appeared at Oxford Crown Court and was remanded in custody . Mr Greenwood was an Oxford graduate who had written two historical biographies and traded rare books as well as art . A trial has been scheduled to start on 3 October and is expected to last three weeks .	A man has pleaded not guilty to the murder of Oxford art dealer Adrian Greenwood .
Called the Orb , the mark is used to identify tweed made from cloth woven by hand in the Western Isles with wool yarn from island sheep . Last year , the trademark was officially recognised as a coat of arms . Edinburgh-based SnapDragon Monitoring has been commissioned to check ecommerce , social media and auction sites for sales of counterfeit tweed . Lorna MacAulay , chief executive of the Harris Tweed Authority , said : `` It has taken generations to build the Harris Tweed brand into the popular global phenomena we see today . `` It is our job to guard against unauthorised use of the brand and we take that role very seriously . ''	The Harris Tweed Authority has appointed a firm to monitor for misuses of its legally-protected trademark .
The woman , in her 20s , got into the silver/grey hatchback in Derwent Road in Sunderland in the early hours of Sunday . She was then driven to an area near the junction of Hendon Valley Road and Mowbray Road , where she was raped inside the vehicle , police said . A force spokesman said two men may have been in the vehicle at the time . Police are appealing for witnesses .	A woman was raped after getting into a car she thought was a taxi , police have said .
The cash and stock deal values Pace at £1.4bn . The combined company will have its tax base in the UK , allowing it to pay a lower corporate tax rate . The firm 's operational headquarters will remain in the US . Founded in 1982 , Pace has manufactured more than 100 million set-top boxes and its customers include Sky and AT & T . Under the deal , Arris shareholders will own 76 % of the combined company and Pace shareholders will own the remaining 24 % . `` We believe that the combination of the complementary Arris and Pace businesses will create a platform for future growth above and beyond our standalone potential , '' Allan Leighton , chairman of Pace said in a statement . Pace shareholders will receive £1.325 in cash and 0.1455 Arris shares for each share held .	Pace , the British maker of TV set-top boxes , has been bought by US-based Arris Group .
The celebrated novelist is the author of books including The Handmaid 's Tale , Cat 's Eye and The Blind Assassin . British composer Sir Peter Maxwell Davies , master of the Queen 's Music , has also been honoured . The membership of the academy , founded in 1898 , comprises writers , musicians , artist and architects . Other members include cellist Yo Yo Ma , actress Meryl Streep and the directors Woody Allen and Martin Scorsese . Italian author Roberto Calasso , Canadian composer Raymond Murray Schafer and Japanese architect Kazuyo Sejima have also been named honorary foreign members . Leading book editor Robert Gottlieb has also been honoured with the Distinguished Service to the Arts prize . Gottlieb worked on classics like Joseph Heller 's Catch-22 and is former editor of The New Yorker .	Canadian writer Margaret Atwood has been named a foreign honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters .
No deal has been agreed yet but the Italian side want to bolster their squad before they resume after their winter break on 8 January . Lucas , 29 , is not Inter 's only option but club sources have indicated there is a `` strong possibility '' of the move going through . The Brazilian is Liverpool 's longest-serving player . Lucas joined Liverpool from Brazilian side Gremio in 2007 and has been capped 24 times by his country . He has played 324 games in all competitions for the Anfield side but has started only three games in the Premier League this season .	Inter Milan are keen to sign Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva on loan for the remainder of the season .
Ed Joyce ( 73 ) , Luke Wright ( 50 ) and Ross Taylor ( 50 ) all made half-centuries as Sussex totalled 271 . But Ryder then made a round 100 , sharing a key 83-run fifth-wicket stand with Essex skipper Ryan ten Doeschate , who went on to finish on 49 not out . He helped his side then get home on 275-5 with an over to spare . Essex 's win maintained their fine record at Hove , where they have only lost three times in 15 visits , a run dating back to 1986 . Essex got their One-Day Cup campaign off to a winning start in Southampton on Sunday when they chased down 311 to beat Hampshire in the final over . They do not play again until Somerset 's visit to Chelmsford this Sunday ( 22 June , 11:00 BST ) , while Sussex play Glamorgan in Cardiff on Wednesday ( 18 June , 14:00 BST ) .	New Zealand international Jesse Ryder smashed a century at Hove to help Essex beat Sussex by five wickets and record a second One-Day Cup win in two days .
Developers are investigating the possibility of constructing up to 14 turbines on a site between St John 's Town of Dalry and Carsphairn . North Galloway Wind Energy , a subsidiary of West Coast Energy , claims Knocknalling wind farm could generate 44.8MW of energy over its 25-years . A scoping report for the project has been submitted to Dumfries and Galloway Council . It has laid out plans to erect the 150m ( 492ft ) tall turbines over a 12-month construction period . A spokesman for West Coast Energy confirmed that they have begun to survey the area . He added : `` This is a standard procedure that is carried out by the business on a range of sites across the UK to assess the viability or otherwise of developing a project on that site . `` The carrying out of this work in no way constitutes a statement of intent regarding future development . `` Any local people who are affected by the assessment activities are urged to contact West Coast Energy by email at communication @ westcoastenergy.co.uk . ''	Plans are being drawn up for a new wind farm in Dumfries and Galloway .
Here is a full list of candidates running , in seven District Electoral Areas ( DEAs ) , for the 40 seats on Antrim and Newtownabbey council .	Elections for Northern Ireland 's 11 new councils will be held on 22 May 2014 .
Many roads were closed so the decorated floats , dancers and musicians could process through the town centre .	Nearly 1,000 people have taken part in a parade through Luton as part of the town 's 39th carnival .
The pedestrian was killed in Main Street , in Hilton , Derbyshire , at about 16:50 BST on Tuesday . Matthew Luke Hogg , 24 , from Melville Court , Etwall , appeared before Southern Derbyshire Magistrates ' Court earlier and was remanded in custody . The police watchdog said it was investigating the `` tragic incident '' . Mr Hogg is due at Derby Crown Court next month . More on this and other stories from across the East Midlands The Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) said : `` A marked Derbyshire Police vehicle signalled for a Vauxhall Astra to stop close to the A38 near Hilton . `` Initial information indicates that the driver of the Astra failed to stop and a pursuit began . `` The pursuit was abandoned , but a short time later the car collided with two other vehicles and a pedestrian on Main Street . '' The investigation will examine what happened before the crash to determine whether the police followed appropriate policies and procedures .	A man has been charged with causing the death of a 75-year-old man by dangerous driving who was hit by a car being pursued by police .
He spent the last four seasons with the Gills , scoring 48 goals in 153 league games , after a previous loan spell . Boss Neal Ardley told the club website : `` He has only just turned 31 and he still has years ahead of him . `` He scored 12 goals last season for Gillingham in a team that struggled a bit and his goalscoring record previously has been very good . '' The Dons have not disclosed the length of the former Norwich and Coventry player 's contract . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	AFC Wimbledon have signed striker Cody McDonald after he turned down a new deal with Gillingham .
Christopher Cook , 48 , was rescued by East Sussex Fire and Rescue Service ( ESF & RS ) from the 13th floor of Essex Place in Montague Street on Saturday . Sussex Police said he was confirmed dead at 14:15 GMT on Monday . The blaze is not being treated as suspicious . At the height of the fire , which took four hours to put out , 10 appliances were at the scene . ESF & RS is investigating the cause of the blaze .	A man taken to hospital following a Brighton flat fire has died .
Mr Modi 's trip will last three days , and his planned engagements include meeting the Queen at Buckingham Palace and addressing thousands at Wembley Stadium .	Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has arrived in the UK for a visit which he says will give `` great impetus '' to the ties between the two countries .
Niall McCann , 35 , of Cardiff , crashed on to Pen-Y-Fan in the Brecon Beacons in a speed flying accident last year . He was rescued by Brecon Mountain Rescue Team and the coastguard and spent 38 days in hospital with a shattered spine . Doctors feared he might not walk again but he has now rejoined the team he started training with before the crash . A year on from the accident , the explorer and adventurer who has worked all over the world studying endangered animals , still has some paralysis in the back of his legs . But he follows a rigorous physiotherapy regime , is back to hiking and cycling and is now fit enough to rejoin the team . `` I feel privileged to work side-by-side with the volunteers who saved my life ; it is such an important charity , '' he said . `` I 've had a fair amount of medical training . I was the de facto medic on expeditions to many hard-to-reach places all over the world . `` You have to be calm under pressure when there 's no back-up coming . Now that I 've experienced the other side of a rescue I feel like I 'm better able to help others . '' Brecon Mountain Rescue Team is an emergency service staffed by volunteers and funded by donations .	An extreme sportsman who was rescued after a mountain crash has joined the volunteer team who saved his life .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 2 September 2015 Last updated at 07:12 BST For some of you , this will mean making the move from primary to secondary school . But what kind of things do you need to know when you change schools , and what should you bring with you ? We caught up with Shonny who is starting secondary school for the first time , and she told us how she 's been getting ready for her first day .	The summer holidays are officially over , and lots of you will be heading back to school again .
The 27-year-old will join the Premier League champions on a free transfer when his current deal at Sporting Gijon expires . Hernandez has made 140 appearances for the La Liga club since making his debut in 2012 . The centre-back is a product of the Real Madrid youth system but failed to make a first-team appearance . Meanwhile , Burnley have rejected a bid of more than £10m for defender Michael Keane from Leicester City , BBC Radio Lancashire understands . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Leicester City have signed Spanish defender Luis Hernandez on a four-year deal , starting on 1 July .
Asghar Bostan , 47 , of East Bawtry Road , Rotherham , is accused of raping a female . Mohammed Yasin , 36 , of Lilycroft Road , Bradford , and Qaiser Iqbal , 35 , of Bingley Road , Bradford , are charged with two other offences . The crimes are alleged to have taken place in the town between 2003 and 2006 , the National Crime Agency said . All three are due to appear at Sheffield Magistrates Court on 21 June . Mr Yasin and Mr Iqbal both face charges of taking a child away from a responsible person and intentionally arranging or facilitating the travel of a female for the purposes of sexual abuse . The men have been charged under the agency 's Operation Stovewood , which has 63 suspects on its list . A total of 15 men have been arrested , of which six have been charged .	Three men have been charged as part of an investigation into child sexual exploitation and abuse in Rotherham .
6 November 2014 Last updated at 10:36 GMT Known as Ak Saray ( White Palace ) , it was built on a forested hilltop on the edge of the capital Ankara , on more than 150,000 sq m ( 1.6m sq ft ) of land . BBC News takes a quick look inside . Video produced by Michael Hirst , with photographs from AP , AFP , Reuters and Getty Images	A controversial new 1,000-room palace built for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan will cost about £385m ( $ 615m ) - nearly twice the previous estimate , Turkish officials say .
The child , Julia , vanished on Friday and was found lying in marshes several kilometres from her house on Saturday morning , with the dog by her side . She is now in hospital in western Poland , suffering from frostbite after temperatures fell to -5C ( 23F ) . Firefighter Grzegorz Szymanski said the dog kept the child warm enough to live . `` For the whole night the animal was with the girl , it never left her . Remember , it was 5 degrees below zero and the child was wet , '' he said , adding that the animal was the most important factor in the girl 's survival . More than 200 people had searched for the child overnight . It is thought she spent hours wandering through the forest near her home in the village of Pierzwin . Her parents had last seen the three-year-old playing in the backyard with the small black mongrel . She was eventually discovered by firefighters after she was heard crying for her mother .	Firefighters in Poland say a small dog probably saved the life of a three-year-old who went missing from her home overnight in freezing temperatures .
South Africa-born Ross , 26 , joined Stade in 2014 from Super Rugby 's Bulls and had a stint at Saracens in 2013 . His move to the Premiership makes him available for England selection as he qualifies through his grandmother . Russia lock Ostrikov , 29 , joined in 2011 and has played more than 100 games in six years at the AJ Bell Stadium . `` I 've tried to sign Ross for the last three years but with the uncertainty at what is happening at his club and his , and wife 's desire , to come to the UK , we spoke , '' director of rugby Steve Diamond told BBC Sport . `` He 's a leader by example . He 's ambitious and wants to play international rugby . '' On Ostrikov , Diamond added : `` He was one of my first signings and he is a player who gives everything both on and off the field . '' Sale signed Romania prop Alexandru Tarus for next season on Monday , to add to the arrivals of Josh Strauss , Will Cliff and Marc Jones .	Sale Sharks have signed Stade Francais number eight Jono Ross on a three-year deal and agreed a new two-year contract with second-row Andrei Ostrikov .
The 27-year-old , who scored six goals in 18 appearances after joining the Championship club on loan in January , has agreed a three-year contract . `` I believe we 've signed the most talented player at Championship level in terms of ability , '' head coach Lee Johnson said . Tomlin had two years remaining on his contract with Bournemouth . The Leicester-born former Middlesbrough and Peterborough man made six Premier League appearances for the Cherries after signing from Boro in August 2015 . `` He was fantastic for us last season and I believe his best football is ahead of him , '' Johnson added . `` He does things every day in training that make you smile - you think how on earth has he done that ? '' Tomlin becomes the Robins ' third signing of the summer so far , joining former Norwich City midfielder Gary O'Neil and former Preston midfielder Josh Brownhill . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Bristol City have signed Bournemouth forward Lee Tomlin for an undisclosed fee .
The prize has only been given out since the 2013-14 season , but five-time Ballon d'Or winner Messi had not won any of the previous 22 awards . The Argentina skipper , 28 , has finally claimed it after scoring six goals in five La Liga games in January . Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo has won the award twice since it was introduced in September 2013 . Atletico Madrid pair Diego Godin and Antoine Griezmann , along with Real Sociedad striker Carlos Vela , have also won it twice . Messi is only the second Barcelona player to win the award following Neymar 's success in November . He scored a hat-trick against Granada , netting further goals against Athletic Bilbao , Malaga and Atletico Madrid , as La Liga leaders Barcelona won four of their five league matches in January .	Barcelona forward Lionel Messi has been named Spain 's player of the month - the first time he has won the award .
Asher Maslin murdered 20-year-old Hollie Gazzard in her salon in February after she ended their relationship . Maslin 's legal team submitted the appeal and the papers have now been sent to the Court of Appeal . During sentencing at Bristol Crown Court , Maslin was told he would serve life with a minimum of 24 years .	A man convicted of stabbing his ex-girlfriend to death in her Gloucester salon has begun an appeal against his sentence .
Dyfed-Powys Police said the men have been released with no further action following a post-mortem examination on 57-year-old Janice Marjorie Holt . Ms Holt was found at her home in the Pentop area of Cardigan on Sunday . Police said her family have been informed and a file will be submitted to the coroner .	Two men who were arrested after the discovery of a woman 's body in Ceredigion have been released after her death was found to be non-suspicious .
Police had earlier appealed for information and released CCTV images of a group of six men , understood to be Wrexham football fans , travelling between Hebden Bridge and Halifax on Saturday 28 December . A BTP spokesman said : `` I would like to thank the media and the public for their assistance with this appeal . ''	A number of men have contacted British Transport Police in connection with anti-social behaviour on a train in West Yorkshire .
Bottles of shampoo were used to conceal the drugs but they were found at the Daresbury site near Warrington , according to Cheshire Police . The search was carried out by officers at the festival 's VIP entrance on Friday , the force said . Two men were arrested on suspicion of possessing drugs with intent to supply . Supt Beverley Raistrick said : `` Police have found tablets hidden in various containers including Coke cans , drinks bottles and deodorant cans . `` It is not uncommon for us to find drugs hidden in various containers in this way . '' Thousands of people are attending the dance music festival which began on Friday and continues until Bank Holiday Monday .	Two men have been arrested after more than 100 ecstasy tablets were seized by police at the Creamfields dance music festival .
Commons Speaker John Bercow granted an urgent question on Thursday , with the debate expected to begin at 10:15 BST . Seven top Fifa officials were arrested in Zurich on Wednesday following a long-running FBI investigation . Swiss authorities have simultaneously launched an inquiry into the bidding for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has told the BBC there is `` something deeply wrong at the heart of Fifa '' and it needs to `` clean up its act '' . The arrests have sparked concerns among some of Fifa 's sponsors , who say they may review their ties over the corruption allegations .	MPs are to debate allegations of corruption at world football 's governing body Fifa , after the arrest of several senior officials .
The 79-year-old 's condition was `` nothing to worry about '' , she added . A statement by the San Raffaele hospital in Milan said the hospitalisation was necessary after what it called a `` cardiac deficiency '' . Mr Berlusconi was Italy 's prime minister four times , but has since been convicted for tax fraud and bribery . The leader of Forza Italia , who had a pacemaker implanted in a hospital in the US when he was 70 , would undergo tests `` in the next few days '' , the hospital statement said .	Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been taken to hospital with a heart problem , according to a spokeswoman for his party .
The family of Gwen Parry , 73 , of Blaenau Ffestiniog said they were devastated by her `` unexpected loss '' . Two others were hurt in the two-car collision on the A470 near the Maenan Abbey Hotel , close to Llanrwst , on Thursday . Her family described her as a devoted mother , grandmother and great-grandmother . In a statement , the family said they were grateful for the `` messages and support during this sad time '' .	Tributes have been paid to a great-grandmother who died in a collision in the Conwy Valley .
The 21-year-old arrived on a one-month emergency loan and has made seven league appearances for the U 's . The extended deal makes Waring eligible for all competitions , including Oxford 's Johnstone 's Paint Trophy final against Barnsley on 3 April . `` I 've thoroughly enjoyed my time here , '' he told the club 's website .	Oxford United have completed a deal to keep on-loan Stoke City striker George Waring at the League Two club until the end of the season .
Fans reportedly clashed with security during the Champions League match and tried to break into the away section . Legia denied racist chanting from home fans but apologised to those offended . Uefa is awaiting reports from the game which will then be considered by the disciplinary department .	Legia Warsaw have apologised for offensive chanting by their fans and will punish those guilty of violence after crowd trouble marred their 6-0 home defeat by Borussia Dortmund .
By 'baking ' the dust with concentrated sunlight , the European Space Agency have made blocks that could help build lunar homes of the future . The space bricks will now go through a number of tests to see if they are strong enough to build houses with . The plan is to one day take the special 3D printer to the Moon - using the Sun 's rays and local materials like moondust . Following private company SpaceX 's announcement that they will be flying tourists to the Moon by 2018 this is exciting news . Advenit Makaya , who is in charge of the project for the ESA , said : `` This project is a proof of concept , showing that such a lunar construction method is indeed feasible . ''	Scientists have taken us one step closer to living on the Moon by making bricks using a 3D printer and imitation moondust .
A number of windows were smashed at Strawletterdallon Orange Hall , near Newtownstewart . The attack is believed to have happened in the early hours of Wednesday . Police are treating it as a hate crime . The hall , on Plumbridge Road , was targeted twice in February . In a statement , the Orange Order condemned the latest incident . It described it as an assault on community groups around Newtownstewart that use the hall as a social facility . `` Once again , Strawletterdallon has been attacked by vandals who have nothing to offer society , only destruction and division , '' it said . `` These intolerant bigots believe they are damaging the Orange Institution by destroying its property . `` Their actions are futile and are not representative of the local community who will quite rightly be appalled at this latest attack . ''	An Orange hall in County Tyrone has been attacked for the third time in less than three months .
The Great North Air Ambulance Service ( GNAAS ) , which covers the North East , Cumbria and North Yorkshire , started the scheme in January 2015 . Since then , medics have performed 60 transfusions , a third of which were deemed to have been of critical importance to survival . Many others have had their outcomes improved by having the intervention . Dr Rachel Hawes , who is also a doctor on the air ambulance , used her experiences as officer in the Army Reserve - including deployment in Afghanistan - as the basis for the idea for the scheme . She said : `` About half of people with traumatic injuries who die , die from bleeding . `` Previously , stopping the bleeding could only be done in hospital , but one of the ways to buy yourself time is to replace the blood they 're losing . '' Volunteers from Cumbria and Northumbria Blood Bikes deliver the blood in cool boxes to the helicopters daily . Of those receiving transfusion , 83 % were injured as a result of road traffic accidents , and the rest by incidents involving crushing and assaults , or heavy falls . The Major Trauma Centre at Newcastle 's Royal Victoria Infirmary received 60 % of cases , with 30 % going to 30 % to Middlesbrough 's James Cook University Hospital , and 10 % to the Royal Preston Hospital .	Eighteen lives have been saved as a result of air ambulances carrying blood on board , the charity has said .
The 20-year-old joined Peterborough from Hartlepool last September and made 34 appearances for Posh in 2014-15 . There is no call-back clause in the loan agreement deal , but James will not be allowed to play against his parent club during the season . `` I 'm hoping I can use this loan spell to show people what I can do , '' he told the club website . `` That means getting a few goals and a few assists . '' During his time with Hartlepool , James became the club 's youngest ever goalscorer in January 2012 at the age of 17 , and the following year was on target in a 5-0 win over Bradford in the Johnstone 's Paint Trophy . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Bradford City have signed forward Luke James from Peterborough United on a season-long loan deal .
The find was made by members and volunteers with Coastal and Intertidal Zone Archaeological Network ( Citizan ) on Thursday morning off Mersea Island . Project officer Stephanie Ostrich said : `` We came across it by chance . It is incredibly fragile and quite a rare find . '' Samples and photographs were taken of the tusk , which was then left in situ . Citizan works with amateur archaeologists along the coast . The mammoth tusk was found during a `` field walk '' in which participants walk along a stretch of beach in a long line and record what they find . The tusk was discovered about 1km ( 0.6m ) from the coast off Cooper 's Beach . Ms Ostrich said the photographs taken would help the London-based Citizan team create a three-dimensional image of the tusk . Research will also be carried out into how the discovery tallies with other finds made in the area .	Archaeologists on the Essex coast have discovered a 6ft ( 2m ) long mammoth tusk during an unusually low tide .
23 March 2015 Last updated at 06:50 GMT The government recommends that everyone should have at least five portions of fruit and veg a day . But the survey shows 52 in every 100 kids do n't have any veg , and 44 in 100 have no fruit on a daily basis . What we 're eating is a big issue at the moment because one in three kids in the UK is obese or overweight . Newsround asked food expert Dr Radha to explain why it 's important to eat your greens .	More than half of kids do n't eat a single portion of vegetables a day , according to Newsround 's food survey .
A police spokesman said the flags had been removed from Gornja Maoca before the officers arrived . The village has been investigated on previous occasions because of suspected links to radical Islamist groups . Many residents follow Wahhabism , a strict branch of Sunni Islam . More than 150 Bosnians have gone to fight with jihadist groups in Iraq and Syria , according to local media . Images showed black flags - similar to those of the Islamic State ( IS ) group - flying from several homes in the village , and symbols painted on a wood shed . Police arrived on Thursday to investigate but `` IS flags were not found '' , according to a statement . It is not clear who put up the banners . Bosnia 's Muslim community has condemned those leaving to fight for jihadist groups in Iraq and Syria . The country passed a law last April introducing prison terms of up to 10 years for convicted Islamist radicals and their recruiters .	Police in Bosnia have searched a village in the north-east of the country after a local television station showed pictures of jihadist flags from some houses .
The 31-year-old cancelled out Eva de Goede 's penalty with three minutes left to clinch the two-match series 1-0 . Great Britain had beaten the Dutch 2-1 in Tuesday 's opener . `` We can come away feeling very positive and know that we still have good growth to come , '' said head coach Danny Kerr . `` I 'm very proud of how the girls have been on the front foot in both matches despite it being an anxious time around selection for the Champions Trophy and the Olympics . '' Great Britain , the Netherlands , Argentina , Australia , New Zealand and United States will compete for the Champions Trophy , which gets under way in London on 18 June . The Olympics in Rio , Brazil , begin on 5 August .	Alex Danson scored her 90th international goal as Great Britain secured series victory over Olympic and world champions the Netherlands with a 1-1 draw in Amsterdam on Thursday .
The man and woman , both in their 30s , were taken to Glan Clwyd hospital in Rhyl after the fire in Prestatyn . The fire started in a bedroom at about 04:00 BST and the pair were suffering from the effects of smoke inhalation . North Wales Fire and Rescue Service is investigating the cause of the blaze and fire officers will return to the property later on Friday morning .	Two people have been taken to hospital after a flat fire in Denbighshire .
Jebet , 19 , posted a time of eight minutes 59.75 seconds , narrowly outside of Russian Gulnara Samitova-Galkina 's world record of 08:58.16 . Kenyan Hyvin Kiyeng Jepkemoi took silver , while Emma Coburn of the USA won bronze by just 0.59secs . Kenya-born Jebet 's gold is Bahrain 's first of the Games , and their second medal in total . Jebet opted to represent Bahrain when she was 16 years old . She said : `` Today it was too hot for the athletes , it was not easy to run a good time but I tried my best and the track is good . `` It 's the first gold medal for Bahrain . They saw how I ran in the Diamond League and how I did there , and they told me when I was coming that 'we 're sure of you , you 're going to have a medal ' . '' Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Bahrain 's Ruth Jebet won the women 's Olympic 3,000m steeplechase gold in the second-quickest time in history .
The 18-year-old was found with `` serious '' stab wounds in Rushcroft Road , Brixton on 27 December before 18:15 GMT , police said . He was taken to a south London hospital where he remains in a critical condition . An 18-year-old man has been charged and will appear in court on Saturday .	A teenager has been charged with attempted murder after an 18-year-old was knocked off his bike and stabbed near a funfair in south London .
James Vince was appointed captain in July in all formats for the remainder of last season . Adams , 35 , has a year remaining on his contract at the Ageas Bowl and was awarded a benefit year for 2015 . `` It 's been a great honour to captain Hampshire , but now is the right time to move on , '' he said . Adams took over the captaincy reins from Dominic Cork at the end of the 2011 season . The left-hander led Hampshire to the CB40 one-day trophy in 2012 and the County Championship Division Two title in 2014 during a hugely successful spell as skipper . `` It was certainly tough at times , but I can look back on my time as captain with fond memories , '' he added . `` I 'd like to think we 've moved in the right direction since I took over . '' Adams ' decision to relinquish the captaincy in July paid off as he helped Hampshire avoid relegation from County Championship Division One on the last day of the season .	Hampshire batsman Jimmy Adams has officially stepped down as captain having previously handed over the role to focus on his batting .
Pirelli is the latest foreign company to suspend its operations in Venezuela amidst a severe economic crisis . The firm said it would cease production at its Guacara plant in Carabobo state from 16 June after 26 years in business in Venezuela . It comes a month after General Motors said it was leaving Venezuela . In a statement , Pirelli of Venezuela said it would do everything possible to continue supplying the country with tyres . The Venezuela division of the Italian-based tyre maker had halted production once before for two weeks last January , but this time it said the suspension was indefinite . Earlier this week , Colgate-Palmolive announced it would no longer produce dishwashing liquid and detergent in Venezuela , also due to a lack of raw materials . Also this week , United Airlines said it was suspending its Houston to Caracas route due to a lack of demand from 1 July . The government blames the crisis on an `` economic war '' being waged against it by `` US imperialists and the Venezuelan oligarchy '' . But critics say the dire state of the economy is the fault of 18 years of mismanagement by the socialist governments of presidents Hugo ChÃ¡vez and NicolÃ¡s Maduro . Almost daily anti-government protests have further heightened tensions in the oil-rich country .	Tyre manufacturer Pirelli says it is suspending its production in Venezuela indefinitely as it can not get the necessary raw materials .
McDowell , who looked well placed after an opening 72 , hit an 81 which included eight bogeys and a double bogey and missed the cut by three shots . Clarke , possibly playing in his final Masters round , slumped to an 84 which included four double bogeys . The European Ryder Cup captain 's 160 total was 10 outside the cut mark . Clarke 's round got off to a bad start as he double bogeyed the opening hole and his fate was sealed by a run of three more double bogeys and a bogey from the 11th . The 47-year-old 's five-year exemption for the all the game 's four majors following his 2011 Open championship triumph will expire after the US Open at Oakmount in June . But while McDowell , 36 , and Clarke suffered disappointing exits , their compatriot Rory McIlroy is well placed to complete the career Grand Slam as he goes into the third round a shot behind leader and defending champion Jordan Spieth . Never want to miss the latest golf news ? You can now add this sport and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home .	Graeme McDowell and Darren Clarke both missed the cut by some distance at the Masters after failing to break 80 on a day of tough conditions at Augusta .
The Maltings at the town 's regenerated Brewery Square will include a flexible main auditorium with 450 seats . The plans also include a 100-capacity studio , a cafe-bar and a commercial annexe to provide income . Dorchester Arts , which is leading the project , has applied for developer contributions from the Poundbury development to help fund the work . It is also in talks with other potential funders including Arts Council England . The organisation said the new venue would provide a Â£4.6m annual boost to the local economy . Artistic director Mark Tattersall said plans for the theatre had been `` on the table for some years '' but the design of arts venues `` had moved on '' so the scheme had been amended in a way which also made the venue self-sustaining . Dorchester Arts is currently based at the town 's Corn Exchange but Louise Sheaves , chairman of a new charitable body set up to oversee the new project , said The Maltings would be a `` step change '' in terms of what the arts group could contribute to the town . The Victorian-era maltings building forms part of the former Eldridge Pope & Co brewery which closed in 2003 . A public meeting about the plans is being held at the Corn Exchange on Wednesday 15 February .	Plans have been unveiled to turn part of a former brewery in Dorchester into an arts centre .
Essex Police posted an update on social media to say officers were searching for Bradley Cooper , 21 , from Basildon . Cooper apparently commented using the profile name `` Norman '' , saying : `` Got to love the busy bodies . '' Someone else replied , saying : `` Yes Norman , also known as Bradley Cooper , writing on your own wanted picture . '' The comments were later removed from the police page . An Essex Police spokesman said they `` occasionally get this sort of reaction '' from wanted people . `` Essex Police regularly uses social media to encourage members of the public to help us find people wanted for offences , '' she said . `` We occasionally get this sort of reaction from people who are wanted , but we will continue to use social media because it is such a valuable resource and work is ongoing to arrest this man . '' Photos of `` Norman '' on his Facebook page appear to be of the same person in the police picture . His profile suggests he is currently in Amsterdam . He has a London accent and is believed to have last been living in Curling Walk , Basildon , officers said .	A man wanted for breaching a harassment order seemingly labelled police as `` busy bodies '' in a Facebook appeal intended to help track him down .
The 27-year-old moved to Anfield from Southampton in a deal worth £20m in 2014 and his current contract was due to expire next year . Croatia defender Lovren struggled for form in his first season but has made 105 appearances in total for Liverpool , scoring four goals . `` I think I am the happiest guy [ in the world ] today , '' he said . `` It was always my dream to stay as long as possible at one club that I love - and that is Liverpool , '' he added . Lovren has played 28 games this season , scoring twice . He struggled to reproduce the form he showed for Southampton following his move and faced criticism in his first term at Anfield . But he has now established himself under manager Jurgen Klopp and formed part of Liverpool 's first-choice centre-back pairing alongside Joel Matip this season . Speaking to Liverpoolfc.com , he added : `` After all that happened in the beginning , in the past two seasons , I think I 've done better than in the first season . The club have rewarded me , they believed in me and also the fans . ''	Liverpool centre-back Dejan Lovren has signed a new long-term contract at the club until 2021 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 8 April 2015 Last updated at 07:04 BST The country has started to monitor air quality in 10 of its cities , include the capital Delhi . Signs showing pollution levels will be on display , allowing people to decide whether to stay inside or go outdoors . One of the main reason behind the pollution is the huge increase in the number of vehicles on the roads . The World Health Organisation - a group who keep an eye on the health standards in different countries - found that 13 of the world 's 20 most polluted cities were in India . Watch Jenny 's report to find out how India plans to tackle its pollution problem ...	India has some of the most polluted cities in the world , but now it 's taking new steps to tackle the problem .
Decebal Mihai , 28 , from Kenlis Street in Banbridge and Spartacus Ilie Mihai , 20 , from Henly Road , Ilford , in Essex , deny the five charges they each face . It follows police searches of properties in east Belfast and Banbridge on Thursday . Police said four women were rescued from the two locations - one in Belfast and three in Banbridge . The searches were carried out at properties on the Newtownards Road in east Belfast and at Kenlis Street in Banbridge on Thursday . A related search was conducted in London by the Metropolitan Police , but no victims were found and no one was arrested . At Belfast Magistrates Court on Saturday , police acknowledged that four women in the public gallery were the same people they 'd rescued , and that two of them were the partners of the accused . The women were in court apparently supporting the two Romanian men . District Judge George Conner refused bail , saying there was a risk of the pair re-offending and interference with the inquiry . The two men will appear again in court via video link on June 19 .	Two men have appeared in court charged with several offences , including human trafficking and arranging prostitution .
It is only the second time the Yorkshire Dales-based series has won the top prize in the ceremony 's 20-year history . Michael Parr , who plays Ross Barton , said he was `` over the moon '' to win four of the awards at the ceremony - including best actor and sexiest male . EastEnders ' live episode won the `` best show-stopper '' award . More than 10 million people tuned in to watch the broadcast , in which viewers finally learned that Bobby Beale had killed his older sister , Lucy . The plotline also earned EastEnders ' the `` best shock twist '' award , while Tameka Empson , who plays Kim Fox-Hubbard , won best comedy performance . Coronation Street also won three awards , with Alison King picking up best actress shortly before her character , Carla Connor , leaves the soap . The full winners are as follows :	ITV 's Emmerdale dominated the Inside Soap Awards , taking home eight of the 18 trophies , including best soap .
The men , in their early 20s and from London , were arrested on suspicion of assault . They have been bailed until January while inquiries continue . The brawl broke out in the early hours of Friday following a pub crawl , organised by a promoter called Rampage . Police broke up the disturbance , outside the Liquid and Envy nightclub .	Four men have been released on police bail following a mass `` disturbance '' involving 300 revellers in Colchester that left three people hurt .
If approved by MPs , she will succeed current chair Sir Ian Kennedy in the role for a five-year term . A former chief executive of the National Consumer Council , Ms Evans has held a number of non-executive roles . The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority was set up in 2010 in the wake of the MP expenses scandal . Since it was set up the watchdog has faced some criticism from MPs for the way it interprets the new , stricter expenses rules , while its decision to award MPs a 10 % pay rise last year was attacked across the political spectrum . There were 29 applications , with four candidates shortlisted . The interview panel chose Ms Evans , with Speaker John Bercow and the Speaker 's Committee agreeing to put her forward to the House of Commons to approve . Ms Evans has been a non-executive director of the SFO since January 2015 . Prior to that , she was chair of the Bar Standards Board and deputy chair of Ofcom 's Consumer Panel . She has also sat on the boards of the General Medical Council , the National Audit Office and the Independent Police Complaints Commission .	Ruth Evans , a director of the Serious Fraud Office , has been named as the new chair of IPSA , which sets MPs ' pay and expenses and investigates abuses .
The 30-year-old striker , whose next club appearance will be his 500th as a United player , has missed the last three games because of an ankle injury . United manager Louis van Gaal revealed the England skipper had been training during the past week . The 64-year-old Dutchman said : `` It is possible he can play , but we have to wait and see . ''	Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney could return to action in Saturday 's Premier League home match with Norwich .
Newcastle fought back from 3-1 down to win with two goals in stoppage time . `` They worked as hard as you could possibly ask them to and it was honest when they tried to win the header and they 've not won it , '' said Neil . `` I ca n't say anything negative about them other than the fact we just did n't defend our box well enough . '' Neil believed Newcastle `` did n't do anything out of the ordinary '' in the early part of injury time , with the Canaries having gone for a back three late on in the game by bringing on Ryan Bennett . But Yoan Gouffran equalised in the 95th minute before Dwight Gayle took down a `` straight ball '' forward to score the winner and his hat-trick goal . Norwich would have returned to the top of the Championship with a victory , but remain second and the Magpies moved up to third . `` I just think at times when we need to see important games out , for whatever reason , we do n't make good decisions or win crucial headers , '' Neil told BBC Radio Norfolk . `` There 's about 100 headers all over the pitch and maybe only five or six are critical headers , and at the moment we are n't winning the critical ones . ''	Norwich manager Alex Neil says his side need to win `` more headers '' after Wednesday 's dramatic 4-3 defeat at Newcastle United in the Championship .
David Phillips dismissed his member for finance , Rob Stewart , and Will Evans , who held the education portfolio . Mr Phillips said his team needed to be `` fully signed-up '' to achieving Labour goals so close to a general election . But Labour sources said support for the leadership challenge was sufficient to remove Mr Phillips from office . The sources said there were concerns about Mr Phillips 's performance , but another figure said it was the commitment of Mr Stewart and Mr Evans to the policies on which the party had been elected that was at issue . The leader said he was not willing to discuss Labour group matters but did confirm he had felt a need to refresh his team . `` We are just a few months out from a key General Election and Labour 's local performance will be a factor in that election , '' Mr Phillips said . `` We really have to start driving forward the commitments upon which we were elected . `` Labour 's manifesto was very clear , if challenging , and everyone has to be fully signed up to their achievement . '' Mr Stewart and Mr Evans declined to comment on the row . In a brief statement Swansea council said : `` This is entirely a political matter upon which officers have not and will not comment . ''	The leader of Swansea council has been told to expect a challenge to his leadership after sacking two cabinet members in a reshuffle .
The HidroAysen project would have seen five huge dams built on two rivers in a beautiful part of Patagonia . `` This project has many aspects that were poorly thought out , '' said Energy Minister Maximo Pacheco . Environmentalists celebrated the decision , saying the project would have had a devastating impact on the area 's ecosystem . `` These giant dams would have put at risk the wilderness , traditional culture , and local tourism economy of this remarkable region , '' said Amanda Maxwell , Latin America project director at the Natural Resources ' Defence Council . Thousands of people had protested against the HidroAysen project . Environment Minister Pablo Badenier said HidroAysen had made insufficient provision for those who would have been displaced , and the quantification of damage to the environment and wildlife were inadequate . The companies behind the proposal , Spain 's Endesa and Chile 's Colbun , can appeal against the decision before an environmental court . `` Without HidroAysen , the country is starting to turn its back on hydroelectricity - the only real remedy to the continuing dependence on fossil fuels , '' said Daniel Fernandez , the CEO of HidroAysen . He described the move as a lost opportunity for Aysen , one of the most remote and under-developed areas of the country .	The Chilean government has rejected what would have been the biggest energy project in the country 's history .
The seamer suffered a shoulder injury while playing for Netherlands against Hong Kong in the Intercontinental Cup in February , 2017 . Van der Gugten , 25 , returned to Australia for treatment and assessment . He arrived in Wales in March in preparation for the county season . The paceman , who was born in New South Wales , claimed 82 wickets in all formats in his debut season and won Glamorgan 's 2016 player of the year . `` We 've been really pleased with Timm 's progress and return to training , '' said Glamorgan physio Mark Rausa . `` Shoulder injuries can be difficult to heal , especially for fast bowlers . `` But the work Timm has put in with his rehabilitation has meant he has recovered ahead of schedule . `` We expect he will be available for selection ahead of the first county championship match of the year . ''	Glamorgan fast bowler Timm Van der Gugten is on course to return to fitness ahead of the county championship opener at Northampton on 7 April .
The figure compares to a net profit of about 600m New Taiwan dollars for the same period a year earlier . The one-time market leader has struggled to compete against smartphones made by Samsung and Apple , among other firms . HTC has also been dropped from the index of Taiwan 's 50 largest firms . The move followed a 66 % slide in its share price this year and meant it could no longer trade on Taiwan 's benchmark TWSE 50 index . Foreign investors are usually reluctant to hold shares not listed on the main Taiwan index . The weak results for the three months to September came as no surprise as the company had earlier issued a profit warning . It has also said it is undergoing a massive restructuring program that will see some 15 % of its workforce slashed . In August the firm said its quarterly net loss for the three months to June was 8bn Taiwan new dollars . HTC , which was founded in the 1990s , made the world 's first Android smartphone . It started out manufacturing notebook computers and created some of the first touch screen , handheld devices .	Taiwan 's troubled smartphone maker HTC has reported a net loss of 4.48bn New Taiwan dollars ( $ 137.63m ; £90.8m ) for the three months to September .
Turnover was down from £203m to £199m , which the Newry firm said reflected exchange rate movements . The company said it anticipated further growth in key markets as it launches new products this year . Employment was up during the year and Norbrook now employs more than 2,000 people . The business is owned by the family of the late Lord Ballyedmond . During the year they appointed Liam Nagle as the firm 's new chief executive . Mr Nagle is an experienced corporate manager who ran the Dublin-based Sisk Group , one of the largest privately owned companies in Ireland . The management of the business was also reinforced by the appointment of Richard Palmer who previously held a senior role at Novartis , the multi-national pharmaceutical group . Mr Nagle said the results were in line with expectations and there is `` a strong pipeline of new products under development '' . Norbrook specialises in the development and manufacture of veterinary and animal health medicines . It is one of Northern Ireland 's biggest exporters and has doubled its sales over the past seven years .	Norbrook , the County Down-based pharmaceutical company , made pre-tax profits of £22m in 2014 , up slightly on its 2013 performance .
4 November 2015 Last updated at 11:36 GMT There was a drop in shares in VW after it reported `` irregularities '' in carbon dioxide emissions levels , which could affect around 800,000 cars in Europe . Arndt Ellinghorst , who used to work for VW and is now head of automotive research at investment firm Evercore , speaks to the Today programme .	The emissions-testing scandal at Volkswagen has now widened .
Tinker and Flash had cancerous tips , which the RSPCA said sun cream could have helped prevent . The two domestic shorthair crossbreeds , who were taken to the charity 's centre in Bryn-y-Maen , were more at risk to sun damage due to the pigment of their skin and less fur on their ears . The charity said both were recovering well at the centre , near Colwyn Bay . Tinker , who is about four , is ready for rehoming after her owner died . Flash is about nine and is still recovering . Animal centre manager Victoria Williams said : `` It is such a shame that Tinker and Flash have lost part of their ears - but they are both adorable cats and will make lovely pets . '' The RSPCA has warned people to be aware of the damage the sun can do to cats over the summer months .	Two white cats in Conwy county had to have parts of their ears removed due to sun damage .
The former X Factor star 's car collided with a Saab outside Southgate Tube station on 10 September last year . The singer was also charged with dangerous driving , a Metropolitan Police spokesman confirmed on 7 March . She has been released on bail and will appear at Highbury Magistrates Court on 4 April . A conviction for drink driving could see the former N-Dubz singer banned from driving for up to a year , while a conviction for dangerous driving would result in an obligatory ban of one year . The crash took place at a roundabout outside the tube station shortly before midnight . Officers were called and Ms Contostavlos was breathalysed at the scene . The singer was arrested and held in custody before being released on bail pending further enquiries . Ms Contostavlos had taken possession of the sports car just days before the incident . The singer was a judge on ITV singing talent show the X Factor from 2011 to 2012 . Prior to that , she was a member of the London hip-hop group N-Dubz . They formed in 2000 and confirmed their split in 2012 .	Singer Tulisa Contostavlos has been charged with drink driving after she allegedly crashed her Ferrari in north London .
The 35-year-old spent 10 years with the Gunners before leaving at the end of his contract this summer after 246 appearances . He was the Czech Republic captain at Euro 2016 . Rosicky played for Sparta from 1999 until his 2001 move to Borussia Dortmund , where he spent five seasons before his move to Arsenal .	Former Arsenal midfielder Tomas Rosicky has rejoined his first club Sparta Prague on a two-year deal .
The 25-year-old Frenchman will now remain at the Amex Stadium until the end of the 2020-21 campaign . Knockaert , who joined the Seagulls in January 2016 from Belgian side Standard Liege , has scored 11 goals in 33 appearances this season . `` Anthony has been an integral member of the squad since his arrival , '' boss Chris Hughton told the club website . `` This new contract recognises the hard work and relentless effort he has given to the team . ''	Brighton & Hove Albion winger Anthony Knockaert has extended his contract with the Championship club .
Yvonne Blackman , 66 , was seriously hurt in the accident involving her car , a van and a lorry on the A75 on 8 February . A short statement from Police Scotland confirmed she had died in the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital on Wednesday . It added that the procurator fiscal had been informed .	A woman from Dalton has died in hospital in Glasgow two weeks after a crash on the Dumfries bypass .
Pondai Bamu , from Marlborough Avenue in the city , allegedly attacked the woman in Rosemary Street on 24 September . He faces charges of rape and sexual assault . An application for bail was refused at Belfast Magistrates Court over fears he could flee or re-offend . Mr Bamu was remanded into custody .	A 37-year-old man has appeared in court charged with raping a woman in Belfast city centre .
The expressway was shut at about 11:00 GMT on Tuesday after 27,000 litres ( 6,000 gallons ) leaked from a tanker between Colwyn Bay and Llanddulas . The incident caused severe delays as specialist teams were brought in to help with the clean up . Traffic Wales said the westbound carriageway reopened at about 01:00 on Thursday .	A lane of the A55 which was closed for 38 hours after a chemical spill in Conwy county has reopened .
Guillaume Doucet gave the Devils an early lead but Alex Nikiforuk and Matt Carter put the hosts 2-1 up . Andy Sertich , Nikiforuk 's second and one from Chris Lawrence extended their lead to 5-1 , before Patrick Asselin pulled two goals back for the Devils . Stephen Schultz and Robert Farmer claimed the Panther 's other goals . Those came either side of a Matthew Myers goal for the Devils , who remain seven points clear at the top of the table . Victory for the Panthers , meanwhile , lifts them up to fourth place .	Cardiff Devils missed the chance to extend their lead at the top of the Elite Ice Hockey League as they lost 7-4 away against Nottingham Panthers .
The evidence surfaces in a memo in declassified files from that year that have just been released in Belfast . In a minute to officials dated 15 January 1988 , Rosalind Earnshaw , private secretary to Brian Mawhinney , the Northern Ireland junior minister , reported on a conversation . It was between Dr Mawhinney and SDLP MPs Seamus Mallon and Eddie McGrady . `` While the MPs used their leader 's argument in defending the meeting , the minister was impressed with the lack of enthusiasm by which they put forward the argument and what appeared to him to be their embarrassment/discomforture . '' Ms Earnshaw wrote : `` In response to Dr Mawhinney saying to Mr McGrady that he found it difficult to reconcile his recent statement regarding the relationship of the SDLP and Sinn Féin with John Hume 's meeting , Mr McGrady looked down at the table , said the two were not irreconcilable , but made no attempt to reconcile them . '' SDLP deputy leader Mr Mallon said that `` whatever else was the outcome of the Hume-Adams meeting '' , Mr Hume would `` not allow himself to be wrong-footed '' .	The first meeting between SDLP leader John Hume and Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams on 11 January 1988 did not find favour with Mr Hume 's senior colleagues in his party .
It has issued a severe weather warning for 16 of Wales ' 22 counties , up to and including Powys and Ceredigion . The storms are making their way from north west France across the English Channel and south west England . The warning said : `` Although producing a good deal of lightning , amounts of rain are relatively small at present . '' The yellow `` be aware '' warning affects : Bridgend , Caerphilly , Cardiff , Carmarthenshire , Ceredigion , Merthyr Tydfil , Neath Port Talbot , Powys , Rhondda Cynon Taff , Swansea , Vale of Glamorgan , Pembrokeshire , Blaenau Gwent , Newport , Torfaen and Monmouthshire . It adds that very localised downpours may occur in Wales overnight , before clearing from the south . It said : `` A few places could receive 30 mm of rain within two to three hours , although most places will see much less than this . '' The warning is in place from 20:00 BST to 06:00 BST on Friday .	Thunderstorms are expected to move across much of south and west Wales overnight bringing localised heavy downpours , according to the Met Office .
Becchio , 32 , joined the Millers on loan in 2014 before making two appearances this term after signing until May . Collin was involved in the Millers ' promotion to the Championship , making 81 appearances in three years . The club have confirmed that they are in talks with leading goalscorer Matt Derbyshire , whose contract expires this summer . Defenders Kirk Broadfoot , Richard Wood and Stephen Kelly , and striker Leon Best are also set to be offered new deals . Frazer Richardson , Lewis Buxton , Danny Collins , Lloyd Doyley , Paddy Kenny , Alex Cairns , Paul Green , Emmanuel Ledesma and Jerome Thomas are all being released .	Forward Luciano Becchio and goalkeeper Adam Collin are among 11 players set to leave Championship side Rotherham .
The singer-songwriter 's new project tells the story of 11 members of the Women 's Institute in Rylstone , North Yorkshire , who posed nude for a charity calendar in 1999 . Their efforts inspired a hit movie , starring Julie Walters and Helen Mirren , and a stage show . The musical is being backed by tourism agency Welcome to Yorkshire . Gary Verity , chief executive of the organisation , said : `` To have someone of Gary Barlow 's calibre working on a Yorkshire musical is amazing and I am sure , like the Calendar Girls film and the stage play , this musical will be a huge success . '' The original calendar featured the women posing nude behind baked goods and flower arrangements . It was inspired by the death of Angela Baker 's husband , John , from non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 1998 . Details of Barlow 's new project were revealed by Welcome to Yorkshire as part of a raft of promotional events across the region , including the announcement of the 16 teams taking part in the Tour de Yorkshire cycle race . The Tour de Yorkshire will take place from 1 to 3 May .	Take That frontman Gary Barlow is to pen a musical based on The Calendar Girls , tourism bosses have revealed .
South Wales Police officers were called to a car wash in Swansea just after 14:40 BST on Tuesday following reports a number of men in a Jeep had threatened people with weapons . About three hours later , armed officers pulled over a car on the A4119 in Talbot Green and arrested four men on suspicion of possession of a firearm . Police said the incident was not being treated as terror-related . BBC Wales employee Luke Surrey was driving on the road as the men were being arrested . He said : `` The traffic had just stopped - quite a few police cars sped through and a helicopter was overhead . `` The left hand lane was closed off , the men were in handcuffs kneeling on the floor and the police had guns on them . `` There were so many police cars down there . I saw three men on the ground , literally 10 feet from the road . '' Although Pontyclun Van Hire is near the spot where the men were arrested , police said the incident was not connected to the Finsbury Park mosque attack in London . A van hired from the company was used in Monday 's attack . `` There are absolutely no links at this stage , '' said a spokesman .	Armed police have arrested four men on a major road in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
Ahmed Mohamed and his family were received at a presidential compound in Sudan 's capital Khartoum on Wednesday , according to state-run radio . The Texan teenager was pulled out of class and handcuffed because a teacher mistook his clock for a bomb . His arrest was sharply criticised and the police declined to file charges . The boy 's father , Mohamed Hassan al-Sufi , is a Sudanese immigrant to the US and a former presidential candidate who ran against Mr Bashir . The Sudan leader is wanted by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes in Darfur , which he denies . Ahmed said he was pleased to meet the president and vowed to return one day with a new invention , according to the radio broadcast . He has also been invited to the White House by US President Barack Obama , who tweeted his support after the incident . Nasa scientists and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg also praised the boy 's initiative . The police rejected a suggestion by Ahmed 's family that he was detained because he was Muslim . Just what is a'suspicious ' object ?	The 14-year-old American who made headlines after being arrested for bringing a homemade clock to school has met Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir .
The air ambulance was called to Fillongley Road , Meriden at 13:40 GMT on Thursday . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said : `` Crews arrived to find a man that had suffered multiple serious injuries and was receiving CPR by bystanders . `` Unfortunately , nothing could be done to save the man and he was confirmed dead at the scene . ''	A pedestrian has died after being struck by a van in Coventry .
Motorists had been accused of speeding on the A55 through the Conwy tunnel . But overnight roadworks had finished on 21 October and the 40mph ( 64km/h ) limit on speed cameras had not been altered . Road safety organisation GoSafe said `` regrettably the speed cameras were not deactivated and speed data was still processed by the average speed cameras for several hours afterwards '' . This resulted in notices of intended prosecutions being sent out to an unknown number of people . Police will send out a second letter to affected drivers , explaining the mistake .	Speed camera bosses have apologised to drivers after a blunder meant prosecutions were issued by mistake .
Bodin got his first goal with a low drive from 25 yards after nine minutes . Midfielder Bodin headed in his second from Daniel Leadbitter 's near-post cross nine minutes later to take his tally to eight for the season . The visitors rarely threatened and Matty Taylor made it three by slotting past U 's goalkeeper Will Norris to keep Rovers third in League Two . The result also dented Cambridge United 's play-off hopes , as they drop down to 11th in the table .	A brace from Billy Bodin and Matty Taylor 's strike saw high-flying Bristol Rovers overcome Cambridge .
The 25-year-old Scotland international joined Blackburn from Huddersfield for £8m in 2012 . He has scored 83 goals in 169 appearances for the Ewood Park club , 11 of those strikes coming this season . `` The player has expressed his desire to talk to the Teesside club and will travel for discussions , '' said a brief Rovers statement . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Middlesbrough have agreed a fee for Blackburn Rovers striker Jordan Rhodes , believed to be about £9m .
A fifth minister stepped aside earlier . The officials were mentioned in a report handed to parliament by the president this week . Some had defied the president 's order to step aside and allow investigations into corrupt dealings in ministries that include transport , energy , labour and agriculture . Those suspended were named earlier this week in a report by the country 's Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission . President Kenyatta has given the commission 60 days to investigate the allegations levelled against the officials . The BBC 's Emmanuel Igunza in Nairobi says Kenya has long grappled with sleaze in government , blamed for the loss of millions of dollars each year .	Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has suspended four cabinet ministers and 12 other high-ranking officials after they were implicated in corrupt deals .
Armed officers were called to a street in Waterlooville after the shooting in which the victim suffered a serious head injury . A 37-year-old man and a woman aged 38 are being held on suspicion of attempted murder over the shooting in Athena Avenue , at 00:50 GMT . A 31-year-old woman was later arrested on suspicion of conspiring to murder . Cordons have been set up around the scene of the shooting and the scene of the arrests .	A man has been shot in a street in Hampshire , leaving him in a critical condition .
Amber , 13 , went missing from her Mansfield home on Saturday evening and her body was found on Tuesday evening . A Facebook post , which claimed it was not worth searching for her because she had been murdered , was seen at about this time , officers confirmed . Police have confirmed Amber 's death is not being treated as suspicious . A spokesman said : `` We are aware of an offensive Facebook post which was seen yesterday evening by many people supporting our efforts to find missing Amber Peat . `` We would like to let the public know we are robustly investigating and will work hard to bring to justice anyone who publishes such appalling posts to social media . '' The force declined to confirm the exact wording of the post , but it is believed to have carried graphic details of a violent attack . Amber went missing after what her parents described as a minor row about chores . Hundreds of people volunteered to help with the search and posters were put in shops , house windows and on lamp posts . Her body was found in a small patch of woodland , close to roads and housing , by a dog walker . The cause of death has been confirmed as hanging .	A social media post that falsely claimed missing Nottinghamshire schoolgirl Amber Peat had been murdered is being investigated by police .
Lee Croft , Josh Law , Jamie Reckord , Michael Ngoo , Lee Knight and Charles Dunne are released . The Latics have taken contract options up on Ryan McLaughlin , Jamie Stott , Darius Osei and Kallum Mantack They club have also offered new deals to Brian Wilson , Chris Kettings , Paul Green , Tope Obadeyi and George Edmundson who are out of contract . Club captain Peter Clarke along with Anthony Gerrard , Ryan Flynn , Ollie Banks , Aaron Amadi-Holloway , Cameron Dummigan and Ousmane Fane are already contracted to Oldham .	Oldham Athletic have announced that six players will leave the League One side this summer .
Mr Manley , 40 , from Peterstone , who was known as Andrew , died in the crash on Cypress Drive , St Mellons , on Monday . The single-decker bus was carrying 40 pupils from St Teilo 's Church in Wales secondary school , and six children were taken to hospital . Mr Manley 's family said it had lost `` one of its brightest lights . '' A statement from the family read : `` A kind , generous , loving but sometimes flawed man , Andrew had a big personality and has left a gap in our lives that nothing will ever fill . `` To say that we will miss him dearly is an understatement . '' Witnesses of the crash involving Mr Manley 's silver Ford Fiesta and an Edwards Coaches bus are asked to contact police on 101 .	A man who died when his car hit a school bus in Cardiff has been named as Gregory Andrew John Manley .
Harrison , 23 , was re-signed by Pools in August last year , after he was initially released in May 2016 having made 70 appearances . Since rejoining the club he has made 33 appearances , scoring once , and has started the past 18 League Two games . He first moved to Victoria Park in February 2015 after a loan spell at Pools from parent club Sunderland .	Hartlepool United have handed defender Scott Harrison a new contract , although terms remain undisclosed .
The calf , which has not yet been named or sexed , arrived almost three weeks ago . The pygmy hippo is threatened in the wild , where it is thought less than 2,000 survive . Lynsey Bugg , assistant curator of mammals at the zoo , said : `` The calf is looking very strong and it certainly feeds well . ''	A baby pygmy hippo has been born at Bristol Zoo .
The tourists , set a target of 490 , began the final day on 382-8 and were on target for a famous victory until Asad Shafiq fell for 137 at 449-9 . Yasir Shah was run out by Steve Smith 's direct hit from second slip four balls later as the home side won by 39 runs . The record for the highest successful Test chase is West Indies ' 418-7 to beat Australia in Antigua in 2003 . However , Pakistan 's 450 all out equals the third highest score made in the fourth innings of any Test . Man of the match Shafiq , who reached his century just before the end of day four , had expertly shepherded the tail , sharing half-century stands for the seventh , eighth and ninth wicket - the first time this had happened in a Test - with Mohammad Amir , Wahab Riaz and Yasir . But when Shafiq fended off a Mitchell Starc bouncer to David Warner at gully , the Australians were swiftly able to wrap up victory in the 22nd over of the final day of this day-night encounter as Yasir fell after skipper Smith 's direct hit caught him out of his crease . The three-match series continues with the traditional Boxing Day Test in Melbourne on 26 December .	Pakistan fell short of completing a world record run chase in the first Test against Australia in Brisbane .
The company supplies more than 140,000 customers in the greater Belfast area . The price increase means a typical household customer will see gas costs rise by £36 a year . The company said the price rise reflected `` sustained increases in global wholesale gas costs which have risen by over 50 % in the last 12 months '' . The prices rise follows consultation with the utility regulator . The regulator said : `` We regulate the prices that SSE Airtricity Gas Supply can charge to its customers in the Greater Belfast area and have carefully reviewed each element of this new tariff . `` This increase will still leave the SSE Airtricity Gas Supply domestic tariff for Greater Belfast lower than the average standard tariff in the Republic of Ireland and amongst the lowest standard gas tariffs in the UK. ``	SSE Airtricity is putting up gas prices by more than 7 % from the end of this month .
St Benet 's Hall trustees have decided female students will be able to apply from this autumn . Prof Werner Jeanrond , master of St Benet 's , said it was `` self evident '' both women and men should be admitted . Last week Oxford University announced its first female vice-chancellor , Louise Richardson . All-male and all-female colleges have been switching to admitting both men and women since the early 1970s . This process of colleges for undergraduates becoming co-educational is now complete . St Benet 's is one of Oxford 's `` private permanent halls '' , which tend to be smaller , specialist institutions . It has links to the Catholic Benedictine religious order , but admits students of all faiths . Prof Jeanrond said the barrier to admitting women had been practical , with the hall needing to find extra space for accommodation , but a suitable building had now been found . `` Some people would love Oxford to be a museum - but I do n't , '' said Prof Jeanrond . `` It depends on how you view tradition . Is it something that you contribute to or something that is an exhibit in a museum ? ''	The last all-male academic institution at Oxford University admitting undergraduates has voted unanimously to admit female undergraduate students .
Young grayling were put into the rivers Deerness , Browney and Skerne as well as Langley Beck at Staindrop and Aldbrough Beck near Darlington . The fish were reared at an Environment Agency fish farm in Nottinghamshire using funding from rod licence sales . The agency said the move would help restore fish numbers and water quality . Fisheries officer Paul Frear said : `` We 're pleased we can provide these fish for restocking as part of our commitment to rod licence paying anglers and to help the process of natural recovery in waters which have been impacted by pollution or suffered poor water quality . `` While it 's a really important aspect of our work , it 's one of many things we do together with our partners to develop fisheries , including reducing the effects of pollution , improving habitat and removing barriers to fish migration . ''	More than 12,000 fish have been released into rivers across County Durham that have previously been affected by pollution .
Taylor won three awards - album of the year , best pop vocal album and best music video . Ed Sheeran won his first two Grammys for song of the year and best pop solo performance for Thinking Out Loud . Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars won two awards for Uptown Funk including record of the year . And Meghan Trainor was named best new artist .	Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran were some of the big winners at the Grammy music awards last night in Los Angeles , America .
The much-travelled 32-year-old returns to the Championship club after a previous spell from 2005 to 2007 . Sutton moved onto Wycombe and had two spells at Motherwell either side of two years at Hearts , but his season at St Johnstone brought only one goal . Saints manager Alex Rae said : `` He 's a tremendous addition - he brings experience and a goal scoring threat . ''	St Mirren have signed striker John Sutton on a two-year deal after he was transfer-listed by St Johnstone .
Black Grape , Eddi Reader , The Beat and the Bay City Rollers will perform at the event which runs until 30 January . The annual Burns Carnival returns on Sunday , when thousands of people are expected to take to the streets in celebration of the Bard . Many of the events will be held in the specially-constructed Spiegeltent in the town 's Loreburn Street car park . Artistic director Graham Main said : `` It 's going to be a vintage year with so many great shows packed into nine days . `` Something that makes the festival really special is that we get big names coming from all over the country , and far beyond , because they love being part of a celebration which is about Burns , Scotland and all that 's best about life . '' Other shows in the line-up include Inner Mongolian musicians Anda Union , Irish vocalist Camille O'Sullivan , comedian Andrew Maxwell and the Treacherous Orchestra . The festival is held at venues across Dumfries .	The fifth edition of the Big Burns Supper festival is under way in Dumfries with a nine-day programme .
Niche Drinks has invested Â£12m into The Quiet Man at Ebrington , which will also include a visitor centre . It is the first whiskey distillery to open in the city for nearly 200 years . The project got the thumbs up from Derry City and Strabane District Council on Wednesday . Ebrington was formerly an Army base but it is now the largest single regeneration site in the city . `` I named the whiskey after my father who had been a bartender for 52 years , '' Niche Drinks ' Ciaran Mulgrew told BBC Radio Foyle . `` He always used to say that in a lifetime working behind the bar he had seen everything and heard every story there was to hear but like all good bartenders he was true to his code . `` He told no tales so they called him the quiet man and I thought , that 's what I 'll call the whiskey . '' The new distillery is to start operating within a year and the visitor centre will open by the middle of 2018 . By the end of the 19th century , Derry was said to be producing more whiskey than any other city in the world . Known as the whiskey capital of the world , the craft died out with the closing of Watts distillery in the 1920s .	The company behind a new whiskey distillery in Londonderry has said it will create up to 35 jobs when it opens next year .
Gillian Ayres , whose paintings are featured in the Tate Gallery and the Museum of Modern Art in New York , is showcasing her paintings in Cardiff . Ms Ayres , 87 , lived in the Llyn Peninsula , Gwynedd , from 1981-1987 . Her work will go on display in the National Museum from Saturday . Curator Melissa Munroe said Ms Ayres was a `` pioneer of abstract painting '' . The collection in Ms Ayres ' biggest UK exhibition has more than 40 of her works , including a painting inspired by Monet which has not been exhibited since the 1970s . The display will reflect on the artist 's time in Llaniestyn and her vibrant artwork painted during this time . `` I used to visit Wales a lot before I moved there , '' said Ms Ayres . `` It was lovely , a marvellous place to live and paint . ''	A Turner Prize-nominated abstract artist has spoken about how her work was inspired by the Welsh countryside .
The 29-year-old Serb is the second big name to withdraw from the event , after world number one Andy Murray did likewise for the same reason . Defending champion Djokovic apologised to fans who had bought tickets to see him play in Miami . He lost to Australian Nick Kyrgios in straight sets in the last 16 at Indian Wells last week . `` My doctor has strongly advised against play because my elbow injury , that I keep carrying on for months , got worse in the past week , '' he said . `` I will do everything in my power to recover and do all the necessary therapy to be able to return on court as soon as possible . '' Briton Murray will extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to more than 4,000 points as Djokovic will lose the points he earned from winning in Miami last year . The Scot will lead the Serb by 3,090 points on Monday - but that will increase to more than 4,045 points at the beginning of next month .	World number two Novak Djokovic has pulled out of next week 's Miami Open because of an elbow injury .
A lorry and seven cars were involved in the accident on the A34 at Hinksey Hill , Oxford , at about 19:30 BST on 25 August . The woman and child , who were taken to Oxford 's John Radcliffe Hospital , were travelling northbound in one of the cars . Police said they are in a `` critical but stable '' condition . The northbound carriageway was closed for almost 10 hours while emergency services attended the scene . A 58-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving .	A child and a 31-year-old woman are in a critical condition in hospital following an eight-vehicle crash .
A man in his 20s was found injured by police at a property in Jubilee Court , Banbury , at about 08:00 BST . He was taken to Horton General Hospital but later died . His next of kin have been informed . The woman , 26 , and man , 22 , both from Banbury , are being held in police custody . Det Supt Chris Ward , from the Thames Valley Police major crime unit , said : `` This is not believed to be a random incident . `` We are currently at the very early stages of this investigation and are in process of determining the exact circumstances which led to the victim 's death . ''	A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a stabbing in an Oxfordshire town .
The Rio gold medallist had parked in an empty car park in Tunbridge Wells on Wednesday , but found the local farmers ' market had set up around the vehicle the next morning . `` I turned the corner and my car was surrounded by fruit and veg stalls . It felt like I was in an episode of Only Fools and Horses , '' he told BBC Sport . `` I was too embarrassed to say anything so I just went to my brothers ' - luckily he knows some of the stall owners and they were fine with it . '' Table Tennis England said it was a `` classic Will Bayley moment '' and added : `` He is so focused on table tennis that organisation takes a back seat . '' Bayley now has to wait until the market closes on Thursday to retrieve his car .	Paralympic table tennis champion Will Bayley had a bit of a shock when he returned to his car on Thursday morning .
A grant of £10,000 from the Big Lottery Fund paid for the cameras on Moscow Island in Ellesmere , Shropshire . Images from the HD cameras , which are equipped with infra-red lights for night viewing , are being streamed live to the visitor centre . A colony of around 25 pairs of herons nest on the artificial island . Waste from the construction of a road in 1812 was used to create the island , which stands in a natural eight hectare ( 116 acres ) lake . Edward Bevan , from Ellesmere Heronwatch , said visitors were treating the life of the birds in the colony as a `` soap opera '' .	Ten webcams have been installed on an island to allow birdwatchers to watch a colony of herons .
The four-year deal gives the BBC live network coverage of the Sunday events , including the live show-jumping finale . It will also have Red Button output of the Saturday 's Cross Country events . Barbara Slater , Director of BBC Sport , said : `` With Rio 2016 just around the corner , there 's no better time to reinforce our commitment to one of the most treasured Olympics sports . '' Hugh Thomas , Director of Badminton Horse Trials , said : `` This is the 60th anniversary of the BBC covering Badminton , and I am delighted that that they have confirmed four more years . '' The 2016 Badminton Horse Trials take place from 4 May to 8 May .	BBC Sport has agreed a new deal to extend its coverage of the Badminton Horse Trials up until 2020 .
The 32-year-old was a free agent having been released by the Alex in May after a season at Gresty Road . The former Manchester United trainee and Norwich City player has featured in three of Argyle 's pre-season friendlies this summer . He is the 13th new player to join Plymouth , who were beaten in the League Two play-off final at Wembley , since the end of last season . Plymouth have not revealed the length of the former Colchester and Blackpool man 's contract . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Plymouth Argyle have signed former Crewe Alexandra midfielder David Fox .
The Scotsman says four teenage boys have been detained by police following the incident . According to the Scottish Sun , the dead woman had been walking home from a shift at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary . The Daily Record claims the car involved in the crash was being driven by a 15-year-old . The vehicle , a Ford Ka , was being followed by police at the time , reports the Scottish Daily Mail . The Herald leads with a claimed exclusive about a crackdown on money-laundering operations in Scotland . A plan to `` save '' the Wellgate shopping centre features on the Dundee edition of the Courier . The Press and Journal says that a North Sea helicopter which crashed in Norway suffered a failure which brought it down in just two seconds . A campaign to raise the age at which children start school features on the front page of The National .	Many of the newspapers feature the case of a nurse killed in a car crash in Edinburgh .
The former England centre-back , 36 , was released by Sunderland in the summer following a five-year spell with the Premier League side . Brown will also assist coaching Blackburn 's under-23 side as part of his contract at Ewood Park . He injured his calf in pre-season training with the Championship club , but is fit to face Derby on Saturday . Rovers are currently second-bottom in the Championship with five points from eight games , but earned their first league win of the season against Rotherham on Saturday . Brown came through the academy at Manchester United before moving to Sunderland in 2011 . During his time at Old Trafford his team won the Premier League five times , two FA Cups , the Champions League twice and the League Cup three times . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Blackburn Rovers have signed defender Wes Brown on a free transfer until the end of the season .
England 's Joe Root made seven as the visitors stuttered to 73-4 , but Gary Ballance 's List A career-best 152 not out helped Yorkshire post 300-6 . Northants slumped to 11-4 after only 16 balls with David Willey ( 2-22 ) and Ben Coad ( 2-26 ) doing the early damage . Azeem Rafiq took 3-27 as the hosts were all out for 136 - a result which means they can not reach the knockout stages . Northants , whose top scorer was Graeme White with 40 , have won only once in their first five matches , while Yorkshire 's position was strengthened as second-placed Worcestershire were heavily beaten by Lancashire . There was no sign of what was to come when Yorkshire lost Adam Lyth for two in the first over , soon followed by Root , before Jonny Bairstow made 39 . Ballance , who shared century stands with Matthew Waite ( 43 ) and Adil Rashid ( 41 ) , smashed three sixes and 19 fours in his 118-ball knock and his innings amounted for over half of Yorkshire 's runs .	Yorkshire moved three points clear at the top of the One-Day Cup North Group table by beating Northants by 164 runs .
The revamped Parc Tawe will have five more retail units , four new restaurants , a drive-through coffee shop and space for a food store . Existing occupiers Toys `` R '' Us , Odeon , Mothercare and Staples will remain . Hammerson won a battle against Swansea council in 2015 after it was blocked from approaching 80 well-known stores to move into Parc Tawe .	A £15m redevelopment of a run-down retail park in the centre of Swansea has started .
The items were presented to Edward , Prince of Wales , the future King Edward VII , during his Indian tour of 1875-6 . The four-month tour , which included modern-day India , Sri Lanka , Pakistan and Nepal , came after the proclamation of Queen Victoria as Empress of India . The story of the tour is told through paintings , photographs and art works given to the prince . He travelled 7,600 miles ( 12,231km ) by land and 2,300 miles ( 3,701km ) by sea and met over 90 rulers of the different regions he visited . On his return from the four-month tour he arranged for the items to go on public display across Britain . Splendours of the Subcontinent : A Prince 's Tour of India 1875-76 runs at Cartwright Hall in Bradford from 11 March until the 18 June . It will be shown at New Walk Museum and Art Gallery in Leicester from 8 July until 29 October .	A collection of rare Indian objects belonging to the Royal Collection are being shown in Bradford and Leicester .
Now Pharrell is to make a cameo appearance as himself in The Simpsons , according to Entertainment Weekly . The rapper is set to appear in an episode of the Fox comedy called : Walking Big & Tall . The plot is based on a true story about a US TV station hiring a composer to write a city-pride song in the 1980s who then ended up copying the same track in other cities . According to one of The Simpsons producers , Al Jean , Springfield learns that its official song is `` actually a carbon copy of many other cities '' . It 's then that Pharrell `` offers to write a new anthem for the town , '' he says . The episode will be broadcast on Sunday 8 February . The Simpsons , which began in 1989 , is the longest-running animated comedy show of all time , with more than 500 episodes broadcast . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube .	Justin Bieber , Lady Gaga and Ricky Gervais have given it a go in the past .
Geordie Chalmers , from Sandwick , was driving a blue Vauxhall Agila which was involved in the accident on the A965 Kirkwall to Stromness Road at Binscarth , Finstown . Another person was injured in the crash and was taken to Balfour Hospital in Kirkwall by ambulance . The road was closed for almost three hours after the incident , which took place at about 11:50 on Friday . Police Scotland appealed for any witnesses or anyone with information about the crash to come forward .	An 84-year-old man has died after a three-vehicle crash in Orkney .
It first acknowledged the problem with Outlook and Hotmail on Tuesday evening . `` Some users may be receiving excessive spam mail , '' a service page update stated . The company later said it had managed to put in place two sets of fixes to protect users ' inboxes and its own infrastructure . Many affected users had complained about the issue on social media . `` Getting a spam/junk email about every minute into my main inbox , '' tweeted Ben Nelson . `` Drowning in junk mail , '' added Jennifer Roseblade . But one Reddit user was able to see a funny side . `` Look at all of these great deals I 've been missing out on for years , '' Peck Ed wrote . `` Now if you chaps will excuse me , I 'm off to become a ... millionaire getting a great deal on my car insurance with my new Russian bride at the Casino with my free bets . '' Microsoft has not disclosed what had caused the issue .	Microsoft has tackled a problem with its email filters that had prevented them from properly screening out spam .
Police said the two vehicles collided between Ballantrae and Cairnryan at about 13:55 on Wednesday . Emergency services attended but the driver of the car was pronounced dead at the scene . His relatives have been told . Officers have urged anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them on the non-emergency number 101 . Sgt Iain Pittams said : `` Enquiries are continuing to establish the exact circumstances of this incident . `` Anyone with information is asked to contact officers at the Divisional Road Policing Unit based at Irvine via 101 . ''	A 55-year-old man has died after a crash between a car and a lorry on the A77 in South Ayrshire .
Sgt Nick Lidstone , 54 , of Heslerton Way , Barrington pleaded guilty to 13 charges , including sexual assault and taking indecent photographs of a child . He also admitted three counts of rape when he appeared at Norwich Crown Court last month . He is awaiting sentencing . Lidstone was dismissed from Cambridgeshire Police by the chief constable on Tuesday . The charges against him relate to alleged abuse between 1997 and 2014 . The three rape offences were said to have taken place when the victim was an adult . Lidstone has denied six further offences . Deputy Chief Constable Alec Wood , from Cambridgeshire Police , said : `` This was an appalling crime where the victim was put through a horrendous ordeal over a prolonged period '' . Lidstone was sacked on the grounds of gross misconduct .	A police officer has been sacked after admitting a string of sex offences against a child .
Lily Owsley gave GB the lead from close range but Kitty van Male equalised just before the break . Helen Richardson-Walsh got the winner when she scored her 39th international goal after Giselle Ansley had a shot parried . The teams will play the second Test on Thursday . `` It was a slightly disjointed but winning performance , '' said GB head coach Danny Kerry . `` We can be better with the ball but we were defensively solid which won us the game . `` We 're looking forward to 48 hours time when I feel we will have made some good adjustments to our game . ''	Great Britain beat Olympic and world champions Netherlands 2-1 in Amsterdam in the first of a two-match Test series .
Police Scotland said the accident was reported on the A835 about three miles south of Ullapool at Loch Broom at about lunchtime on Saturday . Emergency services were at the scene and the road was expected to be closed for some time . Diversions were being set up via the Ledmore junction and drivers were warned they faced significant delays . No other vehicles were thought to have been involved .	One person has died after a goods vehicle crashed in the Highlands .
The Oak Leafers earned their place in Monday morning 's draw by beating Waterford on Saturday . Donegal enter the qualifiers after Sunday 's Ulster SFC semi-final defeat by Tyrone in Clones . Meath have home advantage against Sligo and Clare make the trip to play Laois , with the matches to be played on 1 and 2 July . Venues , dates and throw-in times on the 2A fixtures will be confirmed later on Monday .	Derry have been drawn away against Mayo in the All-Ireland 2A qualifiers while Donegal will entertain Longford .
The arrests were part of a joint operation by HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) and Dutch Customs ( FIOD ) officers on Thursday . The men are aged 36 and 42 . A Dutch national was also arrested in the operation . They remain in custody . HMRC officers , supported by the PSNI , searched three residential properties and a commercial premises in County Armagh as part of the operation . A property in County Tyrone was also searched . Officers seized 30kgs of tobacco , 50,000 cigarettes , believed to be illicit , and 30,000 euros ( £25,100 ) in the County Armagh raids . Two vans and computers were also seized . Steve Tracey , from HMRC , said : `` Money laundering facilitates organised crime , and it 's something HMRC takes very seriously . `` We use a wide range of tough sanctions and will not hesitate to investigate where money laundering is suspected . ''	Two men from County Armagh have been arrested in the Netherlands as part of an international investigation into suspected money laundering and tobacco smuggling .
Kruse , ranked 10th in the world , beat Italy 's Alessio Foconi 15-8 in the final to win the foil . The 33-year-old was attacked shortly after arriving in Shanghai last week . `` The adrenaline that went through my body was unbelievable , '' said Kruse , who will rise to world number five . `` When I came to fence , I was ready to fight . '' Kruse , who finished fourth at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games , received a bye through the qualifying rounds in Shanghai before beating German fencer Benjamin Kleibrink in his opener . Further victories over American Nick Itkin , Hong Kong 's world number seven Cheung Ka-long , Italian Lorenzo Nista and France 's world number six Erwann le Pechoux set up the meeting with Foconi in the showpiece . `` Maybe coming fourth in Rio was the best thing to happen to me , '' said Kruse , who missed out on Great Britain 's first Olympic fencing medal in 52 years . `` Had I got a medal then perhaps I would n't have had the motivation to carry on . ''	British fencer Richard Kruse produced his best performance of the season to win the Shanghai Grand Prix - just days after being mugged in the Chinese city .
Ferguson , who had a proposed deal with Fleetwood fall through recently , joins Burton after a successful trial period . The 20-year-old was a youth player at Dagenham & Redbridge , but is yet to make a Football League appearance . Grays are currently 10th in the Isthmian League Premier Division , of the seventh tier of English football . Ferguson could be Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink 's final signing , with the Burton boss in talks with QPR .	Midfielder Nathan Ferguson has joined League One leaders Burton Albion on a two-and-a-half-year deal from non-league side Grays Athletic .
The 40-year-old made his first-class debut in 1993 and has made more than 800 appearances for the county . Trescothick played 76 Tests , 123 one-day internationals and three Twenty20 matches for England . `` I 'm really enjoying my cricket and I still have the hunger to succeed , '' Trescothick told the club website . `` I have made no secret of my desire to carry on playing for Somerset for as long as I can . `` It 's a really exciting time for the county at the moment with the talent that we have coming through and I ca n't wait to see what happens in the next 12 months . '' The 2017 season will be the 25th that Trescothick has been involved with the first team .	Former England opener Marcus Trescothick has signed a one-year contract to keep him at Somerset until the end of the 2017 season .
Police were called at about 12:30 BST on Tuesday because of the holdall that was left unsupervised . It was searched , but found to contain nothing suspicious . Train services were running again , with a 20-minute delay between Rhymney and Cardiff , by 15:15 .	Caerphilly train station was evacuated after an unidentified package was found at the adjoining bus station .
The 22-year-old England Under-21 international suffered anterior cruciate ligament damage last December . `` We are hoping to have him after the first international break , '' Hughton told BBC Sussex . `` The good news is he has had no setbacks and is making good progress . He is not training with the team at the minute but he is doing some ball work . '' The 57-year-old added : `` He is working very hard with the rehab department and we look forward to having him back as soon as possible . '' March scored three goals in 17 appearances for the Seagulls last season before injury forced him off during the 2-2 draw at Derby seven months ago . Meanwhile , Hughton is keen to keep hold of his best players , with midfielder Dale Stephens linked with a move to Premier League side Burnley . Stephens , 27 , played 45 league games last season as the Seagulls finished third in the Championship , missing out on promotion on goal difference and then losing in the play-offs . `` We do n't want to lose players , '' Hughton said . `` We want to put ourselves in a position where we are able to challenge again . Speculation will always be there and it is something you have to live with as it is part and parcel of the game . ''	Brighton manager Chris Hughton hopes winger Solly March will return from his long-term knee injury in September .
Legg , 16 , opened the scoring with his first goal for the Green Lions , but they suffered a sixth successive loss . `` I thought the team needed Robbie Legg and Robbie Legg needs to be in the team , '' Vance told BBC Radio Guernsey . `` I 'm delighted for him , his movement 's outstanding , and the players are trusting him . There 's more to come . '' A Ross Allen penalty and Craig Young strike put the Channel Islanders 3-2 ahead but they went on to concede four goals for the third consecutive game . They remain 11th in the table , but are now seven points adrift of the play-offs with eight games remaining . `` There were some crazy , ridiculous decisions but you 've got to live with that , '' added Vance . `` I asked the boys to go and be brave in possession and generally I felt they did that . `` We got absolutely nothing , but what I did say is that we can go to training and be a little bit more buoyant than we deserved to be a few weeks back . ''	Boss Tony Vance praised the performance of teenager Robbie Legg in Guernsey FC 's 4-3 Isthmian League Division One South defeat by Whyteleafe .
The actor 's manager Terry Bomar told ABC News that Haggerty had been suffering from cancer . Before starring as the nature-loving Adams , Haggerty worked as a stuntman and an animal handler in Hollywood . He also guest starred in numerous TV shows such as `` CHiPs , '' `` Charlie 's Angels '' and `` The Love Boat '' . The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams tells the story of a mountain man who is forced to live in the wilderness after being wrongly accused of murder . While on the run , he adopts an orphaned grizzly bear and names him Ben . The film became the seventh high-grossing film of 1974 and the NBC network aired a TV series of the same name , which ran from 1977 to 1978 . The film and the TV series were loosely based on the life of James Capen Adams who trained bears in California in the mid-19th Century .	Actor Dan Haggerty who rose to fame starring as frontier woodsman Grizzly Adams in a film and TV series in the 1970s has died aged 74 .
Krzysztof Lesny , 30 , equipped himself with bolt cutters and a crowbar to target devastated homes in the city 's Greystone Road on 9 December . He admitted stealing shelves from a skip and conceded he would have taken more items had he not been arrested . Sentencing him at Carlisle Crown Court , Judge Peter Davies told Lesny he could expect `` no sympathy '' . The court had been told Lesny 's own home in Warwick Road had been flooded during the storm . In mitigation , he said since taking the furniture he had made a donation to Cumbria 's flood recovery fund . But Judge Davies told him : `` You were going to go into people 's homes and take property . `` Your approach to the flooding was to arm yourself to burgle , to assault people 's misery . ''	A man who stole furniture from outside flooded homes in Carlisle during Storm Desmond has been jailed for 12 months .
The five-year deal with Yokohama Rubber Company eclipses the £18m-per-year-deal the club signed with Samsung in 2006 . Manchester United 's seven-year deal with US car brand Chevrolet remains the biggest , worth around £50m per year . Chelsea are top of the Premier League and are in the last 16 of the Champions League . The West London club are now one of the world 's most recognised sporting brands with an estimated 500m fans and were the most watched English side worldwide last season with 31,000 broadcast hours . `` Chelsea and Yokohama are a perfect fit . Both are global organisations with a focus on performance and innovation , as well as having huge ambition and an unwavering culture of success , '' Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck said on the club 's website . The Yokohama Rubber Company Ltd is a Tokyo Stock Exchange listed public company and deals in industrial , construction , marine and aerospace products , as well as golf equipment . Its global business employs more than 20,000 people in over 120 countries , working across manufacturing , sales and servicing .	Chelsea have signed English football 's second biggest shirt sponsorship deal - worth a reported £40m per year - with a Japanese tyre manufacturer .
The magic lantern slides were once owned by hot air balloonist and photographer Cecil Victor Shadbolt . He collated them for a lecture called Balloons and Ballooning he gave some time between 1882-1892 . There are also 37 colourful non-photograph slides as part of the collection . Dominic Winter Auctions in Gloucestershire expects the images to be sold for up to Â£10,000 .	Dozens of aerial images of England in the 1800s , said to be among oldest surviving examples , are being offered for sale .
Douglas Hughes , 61 , was indicted on six charges on Wednesday including violating national defence airspace . Mr Hughes has said the flight , which occurred last month , was intended to draw attention to the influence of big money in politics . The stunt has spurred congressional hearings about airspace safety . Mr Hughes took off from Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , on 15 April . He was arrested as he landed on the Capitol building 's west lawn . `` We are looking at a case where there was no injury and no property damage , and the requirements as far as what the prosecution is asking for include years of jail time , '' he told the Associated Press on Wednesday . `` The penalties that they are demanding are not consistent with the damage , '' he added . Mr Hughes faces charges of operating as an airman without an airman 's certificate and violating aircraft registration requirements , which each carry terms of up to three years in prison . Three misdemeanour charges of violating national defence airspace have also been brought against him . They carry a maximum jail term of of one year . Mr Hughes has been placed on home detention and has not been allowed to return to Washington or operate any aircraft . However , he will be permitted back in Washington on Thursday for a federal court appearance .	A Florida man could face up to nine years in prison after he flew a gyrocopter into Washington 's restricted airspace and landed at the US Capitol .
The 20-year-old midfielder had to train with Villa 's Under-21s after reports he visited a Manchester nightclub after a 4-0 defeat at Everton . He has since been restored to the first team set-up and is in contention to face Arsenal on Sunday . `` He is a talented young player but only Jack knows if he has learned , '' said Frenchman Garde . `` I 'll still be close with him . I have the feeling Jack needs to be more disciplined , this way I feel he can improve his game . '' Grealish missed Premier League games against Watford and Southampton during his omission but played for the U21s in their victory over Derby on Monday . Villa go into the game against the Gunners bottom of the Premier League and seven points from safety .	Aston Villa boss Remi Garde hopes Jack Grealish has learned his lesson after being dropped from the first team .
Lancashire Police , who are still appealing for witnesses , said a 33-year-old man from Accrington is currently in custody . Officers said the child was taken from Nairne Street at 16:00 GMT on Thursday . She was dropped off 30 minutes later less than three miles away in Whitefield Street , Hapton where she was found and returned home . Det Ch Insp Joanne McHugh said : `` We need anyone who may have witnessed a black coloured car in the Nairne Street or Whitefield Street areas around the time of the abduction to contact us . ''	A man has been arrested on suspicion of abducting a six-year-old girl who was taken in a car in Burnley , Lancashire .
President Juan Carlos Varela said the decision was necessary as Costa Rica and Nicaragua had recently closed their borders to Cubans heading north . Panama has also agreed to transfer more than 3,500 Cubans hoping to reach the US to a town in northern Mexico . President Varela said the flights to Mexico could last two to three weeks . The Cubans have been stranded in Panama for months . They are hoping to reach the US under a decades-old law which gives them privileged entry and a fast track to residency . The number of Cubans trying to reach the US has increased lately because of fears that warming relations between the two countries could mean the end of the preferential treatment they receive .	Key crossings on Panama 's border with Colombia are to be closed to control the flow of Cuban migrants heading to the United States .
The fire is believed to have started in workshops on Pipers Road at about 12:20 BST . One person was treated for facial injuries . Smoke could be seen from several miles away and emergency services advised people to avoid the area . Hereford and Worcester Fire and Rescue said the fire had now been brought under control . At its height , five crews were at the scene , including two from Warwickshire .	Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a tyre business on an industrial estate in Redditch .
The Neath-born mezzo-soprano , 35 , introduced her daughter Aaliyah Reign Levitas , who weighed nearly 7lbs ( 3.2kg ) , with a posting on Instagram . She wrote : `` We are absolutely besotted with her and grateful for the beautiful blessing of this happy , healthy , little miracle . '' The singer first announced she was expecting a girl with husband Andrew Levitas in April .	Singer Katherine Jenkins has given birth to her first child , a baby girl .
Contracts have been exchanged but both companies say details of the transaction `` will remain undisclosed '' . JTI will leave the Lisnafillan plant in mid-2017 , following the recent ending of tobacco manufacturing operations with the loss of more than 800 jobs . The Wrights Group is one Ballymena 's most significant employers . It has a workforce of about 1,800 and also has a plant in Antrim . Chairman Mark Nodder said its current factory at Galgorm - about a mile from JTI - had become `` somewhat landlocked in recent years '' . He said the purchase would provide additional space `` to ensure our future growth and development plans are not hampered by real estate constraints '' . Creating additional jobs is possible `` in the medium to long term '' , he added . The deal was welcomed by Economy Minister Simon Hamilton . `` By securing the Lisnafillan facility , Wrights Group is cementing its commitment to Ballymena and demonstrating its drive for growth in international markets , '' he said . The area 's MP Ian Paisley expressed his delight at the move . `` JTI promised me they would do all possible to make the site attractive and this is a fitting legacy , '' he said .	The 100-acre JTI Gallahers factory site in Ballymena is to be bought by Wrightbus in a deal set to complete early next year .
Det Sgt Matt Swash , 40 , of Crown Close , March , joined the police in 1990 . Mr Swash pleaded not guilty to all the charges at St Albans Crown Court and was granted bail by Judge Andrew Bright QC . A trial date has been set for 17 November .	A police detective from Cambridgeshire charged with nine counts of sexual assault against four women , has pleaded not guilty .
However , the 36-year-old captain 's prediction came true on Sunday as his hat-trick saw the hosts beat Heracles Almelo 3-1 to secure the Eredivisie . And on Monday , the former Liverpool forward led the parade as thousands of fans rejoiced in Rotterdam . `` This is the best moment of my career , '' said Kuyt . He added that the title topped his appearances for Liverpool in the 2007 Champions League final and the Netherlands in the 2010 World Cup final . `` I knew when I came back two years ago that we could win the championship and everyone laughed at me when I said so , '' said Kuyt . `` When Feyenoord were in the top half of the league everyone used to celebrate . When we drew 1-1 with Ajax people were dancing on the table . `` That should n't happen - you should only be satisfied when you are winning trophies . ''	Dirk Kuyt says `` everyone laughed '' when he said Feyenoord could win their first Dutch title since 1999 when he returned to the club two years ago .
The incident was caused by a leaking pipe which was in the the ceiling above a bedroom in a hospital ward . The patient was moved to another room following the leak . The Southern Trust has apologised for what it has described as a 'distressing ' incident . Esther Gishkori , Southern Trust Director of Acute Services , said : `` We have recently replaced many of the old pipe fittings in the hospital with new fittings . This incident was caused by a blockage of the old sewage pipe work scheduled for replacement in the coming weeks . `` It is planned that all the sewage pipes in the main hospital block will have been replaced by 31 March , '' she added . It is understood that repair work began in September 2015 .	A patient at Craigavon hospital has been covered in sewage .
Dyfed-Powys Police said it was called to Pleasant View in Felinfoel , Llanelli , on Tuesday afternoon . Two men and a woman are currently in custody assisting police with their inquiries . Police said they could not give any more details at this time .	A murder investigation is under way following an `` incident '' in a Carmarthenshire town .
The 20-year-old right-back , on loan from Bournemouth , went to hospital with club physiotherapist Gareth Law on Wednesday and now faces some time out . `` When it 's chest or heart-related things you 've just got to make sure , '' said Gulls manager Kevin Nicholson . `` He 's going to go up to St George 's Park to have a thorough set of tests , just to make sure there 's nothing . '' Nicholson told BBC Radio Devon : `` I 'm pretty sure that it 's nothing major , but until ourselves and Bournemouth are comfortable that he 's 100 % then , unfortunately , he 's not available to us . '' Lee , who has made two FA Cup appearances for the Cherries , has played 11 times for Torquay over two loan spells . `` He just woke up in some discomfort in his chest , '' Nicholson added . `` It 's probably a virus , and these things can show up like that , but we 've just got to make sure he 's right and so we wish him a speedy recovery and look forward to getting him back . '' Last year Gulls midfielder Aman Verma , now at Tamworth , spent a month out after collapsing at home after a training session .	Torquay United loanee Jordan Lee is undergoing tests after suffering chest pains .
6 January 2017 Last updated at 23:23 GMT He told BBC News NI 's Mark Simpson he had enjoyed a warm welcome during his extended Christmas visit .	Renowned Brazilian football coach Luiz Felipe Scolari , best known as Big Phil , has been turning heads in Northern Ireland , popping up everywhere from Londonderry to Belfast .
British boxer Joshua , 27 , will have McCracken in his corner when he defends his IBF heavyweight title against Eric Molina in Manchester on 10 December . Joshua won Olympic gold at London 2012 under McCracken before turning professional in 2013 . McCracken , who will also retain his role at Team GB , previously worked with Carl Froch before he retired last year . Trainer Tony Sims , who has overseen Joshua 's progress as a professional , will continue to work with Joshua as McCracken 's assistant . `` I have remained close to Rob and the GB Boxing squad since 2012 , '' said Joshua . `` I have consistently turned to him for advice and guidance so I am really excited to have him in my corner . ''	Anthony Joshua has named Team GB boxing performance director Rob McCracken as his full-time coach .
The road is closed in both directions between Dromore and Hillsborough following the one vehicle crash . Police said the road would remain closed on Sunday morning as an electricity pole was damaged in the collision . Diversions are in place .	A woman is in a critical condition in hospital following a crash on the A1 .
Sgt Michael Bromell , of Thames Valley Police , was found to have committed gross misconduct and breached the standards of professional behaviour . He was dismissed without notice at a misconduct hearing . Det Chief Supt Tim De Meyer said the officer 's behaviour was `` bullying '' and `` oppressive '' . Mr Bromell , who was based in the Cherwell area , was dismissed on Friday . The incidents , which took place between 2011 and 2014 , included : Det Chief Supt De Meyer , who is head of the professional standards department , said : `` A sergeant should lead , support and encourage officers to serve the public to the highest standards . `` This is what Thames Valley Police expects of those who operate in this crucial rank . Sergeant Bromell did quite the opposite . `` This bullying behaviour , from an officer in a position of power , caused considerable distress to junior colleagues who simply wanted to get on with their job of keeping people safe . `` Instead they were subjected to sinister and overbearing treatment from the very person who should have been looking out for them . `` It is to their credit that they stood up to him by reporting his misconduct and providing the evidence that has today seen him dismissed . ''	A police sergeant who shot at fellow officers with a BB gun and threatened colleagues with a knife has been sacked .
Emergency services were called to the Edinburgh palace earlier amid concerns over the package . Fire crews , paramedics and police officers responded to the alert just after 12:00 and the road outside the palace was cordoned off by firefighters . The palace is the Queen 's official residence in Scotland . A spokesman for Police Scotland said : `` We can confirm that the suspicious letter that was delivered to the Palace of Holyroodhouse on Wednesday 7 June has been analysed and found not to pose any risk to the public . `` An investigation is now underway to identify the sender and establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident . '' The Queen was not in Edinburgh when the letter was delivered . A spokesman said she is currently in residence at Buckingham Palace . A spokeswoman for the Palace of Holyroodhouse said it remained open while the incident unfolded .	A suspicious letter sent to the Palace of Holyroodhouse posed no risk to the public , according to Police Scotland .
The 28-year-old replaces Australia leg-spinner Kristen Beams , who is recovering from a finger injury . The Stars play Sydney Thunder on the opening day of the BBL , which runs from 10 December to 28 January . `` We are very fortunate to have secured the services of Danielle Hazell , a very competent T20 cricketer , '' head coach David Hemp told the Stars website . Hazell , who has taken 73 wickets at an average of 18.95 in 73 Twenty20 internationals , is the fifth England player to join a BBL side . England captain Heather Knight will play for Hobart Hurricanes , Melbourne Stars have signed Danni Wyatt , and Anya Shrubsole and Katherine Brunt will line up for Perth Scorchers . Former England skipper Charlotte Edwards has moved from Perth to Adelaide Strikers . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	England women 's off-spinner Danielle Hazell has signed for Melbourne Stars for the Women 's Big Bash League .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 14 July 2015 Last updated at 15:34 BST At least , that 's what the team hopes happened . Confirmation of the flyby wo n't be received until about 02:00 BST on Wednesday . Until then , the craft will be too busy taking pictures and measurements - and it also takes more than four hours for the signals to beam back to Earth . Rebecca Morelle reports from the operations centre at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , US .	After nine-and-a-half years in space , this was the moment Nasa 's spacecraft New Horizons soared past Pluto at 31,000mph ( 50,000km/h ) .
The tennis star made the announcement in the form of a poem . She said he took her to Rome , where they first met , to propose to her - and she said yes . It caps off a year in which Ms Williams won her seventh Wimbledon singles title and 22nd Grand Slam singles title , but dropped to world number two ranking . All you need to know about Serena Williams Reddit is a social media community where users group around topics , news articles and discussion points , rather than around people they know in offline life . Mr Ohanian founded it in 2005 alongside a college friend , Steve Huffman . Ms Williams posted to r/isaidyes , a forum where users share their stories of wedding proposals , saying he had taken her to the table in Rome where they first met , where he got down on one knee and `` said four words '' . One Reddit user responded by joking that the score was love-love . Mr Ohanian and Ms Williams had kept their relationship quiet on social media and in the world of celebrity gossip , but rumours began to circulate last year that they might be romantically linked .	Serena Williams has used the social media platform Reddit to announce that she is engaged to its co-founder , Alexis Ohanian .
Here is a full list of candidates running , in seven District Electoral Areas ( DEAs ) , for 40 seats on Derry and Strabane council .	Elections for Northern Ireland 's 11 new councils will be held on 22 May 2014 .
The missile has been developed over the last three years in response to what it sees as an increasing military threat from the North . The launch was watched by the South Korean President Park Geun-hye . Last month , North Korea said it had fired a missile from a submarine for the first time . It also claims that it can now make nuclear weapons small enough to fit onto a rocket . The new South Korean missile , which has a range of at least 500km ( 310 miles ) was fired from Taean on the country 's western coast . It will be deployed later this year . The South Korean president said the rocket launch showed that her country possessed a substantial deterrence to resist North Korea . `` North Korea will have no choice but to come forward for dialogue rather than provocation , '' she was quoted as saying by Yonhap , the South Korean news agency . South Korea has been upgrading its military hardware in a programme agreed upon with its main ally , the United States . This new missile is part of a system called the Kill Chain . This will give South Korea surveillance facilities and weapons that will allow it to launch a pre-emptive strike against North Korea within minutes if it detects a threat . There has been tension between North and South Korea , separated after the Second World War , for decades .	South Korea has said it has successfully test fired a ballistic missile that is capable of reaching most parts of North Korea .
The British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons ( Baaps ) said there were 51,140 surgical procedures last year - up from 45,406 the year before . It overturns a recent decline , which was blamed on the recession and the scandal over faulty breast implants . Nine out of 10 procedures were in women , although the rise was seen in both genders . The top 10 procedures were : Overall , the number of procedures increased by 13 % . Consultant plastic surgeon and Baaps council member Ash Mosahebi said many reasons were contributing to the increase . He told the BBC : `` I think partly because the economy is improving and people are spending more on luxury items . `` And social media is becoming more popular , people are sending pictures of themselves frequently and want to look good . `` And I would say the Botox generation who got older using Botox and fillers , those things are not working any more for those age groups so they 're taking the next step up and that is surgical options . '' However , he said people were more educated about cosmetic surgery after thousands of women were fitted with substandard breast implants made by the French firm Poly Implant Prothese . `` I have patients asking , 'What are you using ? ' and that 's a good thing to have come out of that . ''	There was a sharp increase in the popularity of cosmetic surgery in the UK in 2015 , figures show .
The 22-year-old has signed a two-year contract to play under England coach Wayne Bennett in Queensland . The back-rower will see out the rest of his current contract with the Wolves before heading to Australia . `` I have spoken to Brisbane a few times and thought now was the time as I feel ready to do it , '' Savelio said . `` A lot of English forwards have done well in the NRL , so it was always something I had thought about . '' Savelio began his Super League career with St Helens , but spent part of last season on loan at Castleford before joining Warrington on a 12-month deal . He was in the Warrington side that beat Bennett 's Broncos in the World Club Series in February and has made 17 appearances for the Wolves this season , scoring five tries .	Warrington forward Andre Savelio is to move to the National Rugby League after agreeing to join Brisbane Broncos from the 2018 season .
The nine-year-old girl is being treated for a broken pelvis and legs after the accident in Linslade , Leighton Buzzard . She is being cared for at Addenbrooke 's Hospital in Cambridge . The Duke of Cambridge , who recently began a job as a co-pilot for the East Anglian Air Ambulance , was pictured at the crash scene on Tuesday . The girl was walking along Old Road at about 15.40 BST when a blue Mercedes and a silver Ford KA crashed , knocking her over . A second girl received minor injuries . Anyone who saw what happened has been asked to contact police .	A girl flown to hospital by Prince William after she was hit by a car in Bedfordshire is in a critical condition , police have said .
The scheme allowed people to deposit money outside the Republic of Ireland but still have access in the state . There were no records in Ireland of the deposits . Five former ministers named by Sinn Féin deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald have denied they held so-called Ansbacher accounts . Ms McDonald had also alleged that an inquiry into the evasion scheme was halted because it involved former government minister Des O'Malley . Mr O'Malley was also a founder and former leader of the Progressive Democrats party . Ms McDonald said the inquiry into the scheme was shut down in 2004 by Mary Harney , who was the minister responsible and also leader of the Progressive Democrats . The others named as being involved in the scheme were former EU commissioners , Ray MacSharry and Maire Geoghegan Quinn of Fianna Fail ; former Fine Gael finance minister Richie Ryan ; former Fianna Fail justice minister Gerry Collins and an `` S Barrett '' .	A Sinn Féin representative has used parliamentary privilege to name Irish politicians she claims were involved in a tax evasion scheme .
A letter reading , `` Next time it will be a bomb you Muslim scum '' was sent to the Jamia Masjid Abu Bakr mosque in Eastwood , Rotherham , on 1 August . It was signed with a number code believed to be used by neo-Nazi groups . A 43-year-old man from Plymouth was arrested on Friday morning under the Malicious Communications Act , the North East Counter Terrorism Unit said . He has been detained for questioning and inquiries are continuing . The letter sent to the mosque is believed to be one of a number sent to locations around England . These include religious establishments , police stations and residential addresses in South Yorkshire , West Yorkshire , Bedfordshire and Avon and Somerset.ã€€	A man has been arrested by anti-terror officers investigating a bomb threat received by a mosque .
Susan McLean , 61 , was last seen walking outside the grounds of Moness Resort in Aberfeldy at about 19:45 on Sunday . Police Scotland officers , Tayside Mountain Rescue teams and search dogs were in the area looking for Ms McLean . She was described as being 5ft 8in ( 1.7m ) tall , of medium build , with short fair hair and green eyes . Police Scotland said Ms McLean left her holiday lodge at the resort on Crieff Road on Sunday evening and was reported missing when she failed to return . She was wearing a black and grey coloured waterproof jacket , beige khaki trousers and white trainers at the time .	CCTV footage has been released of an American holidaymaker who has gone missing from a resort in Perthshire .
Ruby , the 21-year-old mare , stumbled into the River Irwell near Bolton , while out with her rider on Tuesday morning . Accompanied by a vet , 10 firefighters from Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service spent an hour hauling the animal to safety using a harness . After a brief rest Ruby trotted back to the stables to be given the all-clear .	A one-eyed horse has been rescued from a river in Greater Manchester by firefighters .
The airport at Staverton , between Gloucester and Cheltenham , is part-owned by Gloucester City Council and Cheltenham Borough Council . Emergency meetings to discuss the loan are due to take place at both local authorities next week . A council source told BBC Radio Gloucestershire the loan could be as much as £750,000 . The airport first opened in the 1930s and now handles about 80,000 flights a year . It is home to more than 180 aircraft and 50 staff , and supports more than 40 on-site businesses which provide 1,000 jobs . In a statement , Gloucestershire Airport said it is `` considering a number of options to help deliver its business plan '' . It continued : `` One of these has been a request to its shareholders for a loan facility that will be used to help grow the business even further . '' Gloucester City Council confirmed an emergency meeting has been arranged to deal with an `` urgent treasury management issue '' .	Gloucestershire Airport has asked two councils for what appears to be a six-figure `` bail out '' , the BBC has learned .
An entertaining game saw Enoch Andoh net his first goal for Vale when he tapped in Byron Moore 's cross . The hosts should have doubled their lead from the spot , but Ben Alnwick 's fine save denied Michael O'Connor . Posh levelled when Michael Bostwick rifled his penalty down the middle , before Sam Foley saw his late penalty hit the crossbar .	Port Vale wasted two second-half penalties and conceded from the spot as they were held at home by Peterborough .
A report due to be presented to Bristol City Council also notes the project will cost more - up to Â£92.5m , an increase of 2.5 % . John Sharkey , from SMG which will be involved with running the venue , said a big project like this `` would be expected to take its time '' . Mayor George Ferguson described the project as `` remarkably on time '' . `` What I 'm absolutely determined is that we open the arena early 2018 , '' the independent said . `` What Bristol 's going to get if people do n't mess around with it [ the planning process ] will be absolutely fantastic . '' Mr Sharkey said since the buildings would be up for `` many many long years '' it is important they are fit for purpose '' . `` You want to be able to deliver an asset to the city that 's right and ready to operate from day one . '' Two planning applications for the Bristol Arena , a 12,000-seat venue near Temple Meads , are due to be submitted . People living nearby raised concerns about parking but the council said city centre car parks had `` spare capacity , within a 20 minute walk of the arena '' . A consultation closes on 13 October .	The planned opening date for Bristol 's long-awaited arena has slipped from late 2017 into early 2018 .
The station was cleared at 19:30 BST due to the fire in an intake room , which London Fire Brigade ( LFB ) tweeted to say had been put out at 22:00 . Passengers were later let back into the station to wait on the concourse . Matt Willis , of Arriva Trains Wales , said on Twitter that some services had departed , including the 22:30 to Reading and the 22:45 to Swansea . A Network Rail spokesman said platforms one to six had reopened . He said the others would remained closed until firefighters gave the all-clear . Gavin Fellows , 50 , a cyber security consultant from Gloucester , criticised the lack of information . `` I 've been waiting for two hours . I was told it was going to reopen at 9.30pm , '' he said . `` I was in the station when the alarm went off and it said 'emergency situation , please evacuate ' . There has n't been any communication . I 'm not happy . '' An LFB spokesman said firefighters left the scene after the fire burnt itself out . Great Western Railway customers were advised to use Chiltern Railways , CrossCountry , South West Trains and London Underground .	About 2,000 people were evacuated and trains cancelled or delayed due to an electrical fire at London Paddington .
Everton and England under-19 player Ledson , 18 , has featured in 14 games for the U 's since joining in November . QPR right-back Furlong , 20 , has made five appearances for Shaun Derry 's side , while West Ham left-back Page , 19 , has played in six games . The U 's sit ninth in League Two , one point outside the play-off places .	Midfielder Ryan Ledson and defenders Lewis Page and Darnell Furlong have extended their loan deals with Cambridge United for a further month .
Afroman - best known for his 2001 hit Because I Got High - was seen hitting the woman , who was dancing on stage behind him at the Kress Live venue . Biloxi Police said he was arrested for assault on Tuesday and later released on bail . A spokesperson for the rapper said he would be issuing a formal apology . An earlier statement issued on his behalf said it was `` a completely involuntary reflex reaction to people infringing on his stage space , '' according to Billboard . `` It was uncharacteristic behaviour that was initiated by outside uncontrolled forces , '' the statement added . Afroman , real name Joseph Foreman , was nominated for a Grammy in 2002 for best rap solo performance for Because I Got High . A Biloxi Police Department statement said : `` Mr Foreman was arrested for assault as a result of a citizen 's affidavit , booked in , and released after paying a $ 330 ( Â£214 ) bond . ''	US rapper and musician Afroman has been arrested after video footage showed him punching a female fan on stage during a concert in Biloxi , Mississippi .
Some of the organisation 's key personnel have links to the UDA . Speaking on Sunday Politics , Emma Little Pengelly , an architect of the fund , said she was satisfied a robust process of checks was carried out . BBC NI 's Spotlight programme last week examined the control the UDA exerted in some loyalist communities . It also looked at how funding from Stormont was going to organisations linked to the UDA . Traditional Unionist Voice leader Jim Allister has also questioned the allocation of social investment funding to groups with loyalist and republican links . However , Ms Little Pengelly said : `` There is a system of checks and balances and there were concerns about how quickly this scheme delivered . `` One of the reasons why it was n't quick was because of the number of checks and balances included in terms of getting this money out . `` They have gone through a full business case , economists , the governance has been scrutinised . `` If we were n't satisfied by that , then this money would not be going out to this organisation . '' Chris Lyttle of the Alliance Party , said the social investment fund had been `` beset by a lack of openness '' . `` There have been difficulties from day one in relation to the programme , '' he said .	The chair of the assembly 's finance committee has defended the allocation of almost £2m of social investment funding to Charter NI .
Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert won the doubles to give France an unassailable 3-0 lead . Australia went 3-0 up on the Czech Republic and next face the USA , who beat Switzerland - who were missing Roger Federer and Stan Wawrinka . Serbia also progressed on day two as they went 3-0 up on Russia . Britain lead Canada 2-1 heading into the final day in Ottawa , with the three remaining World Group first-round ties also to be decided on Sunday . Champions Argentina , without Juan Martin del Potro , are 2-1 down at home to Italy ; 2015 runners-up Belgium lead Germany 2-1 in Frankfurt ; and Croatia have taken a surprise 2-1 lead over Spain , missing Rafael Nadal , in Osijek .	Great Britain 's reward should they beat Canada will be a Davis Cup quarter-final against France , who saw off Japan with a day to spare in Tokyo .
They had been expected to take a view last month but deferred a decision in order to visit Fallago Rig near Lauder . Developers wanted to build another 12 turbines and planning officers had advised the council not to object . However , they went against that recommendation , citing the cumulative effects on the landscape . The final decision on the project will lie with the Scottish government .	Councillors in the Borders have decided to oppose plans to expand a wind farm which was the subject of a six-year opposition campaign .
The Norway international , 23 , is their fourth foreign signing in three months . `` Signing Andrine is another wonderful addition to the club and the FAWSL , '' said Blues Ladies manager David Parker . `` Her stature in the game is already up there with the most promising players in Europe . We want to help her achieve the status she is capable of reaching , as one of the best players in Europe . '' The signing of Hegerberg follows the arrival of three Germans , striker Isabelle Linden from Champions League holders FFC Frankfurt , full-back Corina Schroder from Liverpool and defender Marisa Ewers from Bayer Leverkusen . They have all been signed for the second half of the Womens Super League season , which will resume for Blues on 29 June at home to Arsenal . `` I 've had three good years in Gothenburg , '' said twice-capped Hegerberg , who has signed subject to international clearance . `` But I felt the time was ready to take on a new challenge and I ca n't wait to get stuck in with Birmingham . '' Blues went into the mid-season break after two wins in three matches to climb to third in WSL 1 , seven points behind leaders Manchester City .	Birmingham City Ladies have signed midfielder Andrine Hegerberg from Swedish side Kopparbergs/Gothenburg .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 32-year-old , who had an outstanding Euro 2016 , is a free agent after leaving Hamilton Academical at the end of last season . Southampton were reported to be keen to sign McGovern but he is expected to finalise a deal with Norwich this week . The keeper had previously worked under Norwich boss Alex Neil at Hamilton . John Ruddy and Declan Rudd are the current senior keepers at Carrow Road . McGovern , from County Fermanagh , played in Northern Ireland 's four matches at the European Championships . He earned rave reviews for a remarkable display when Northern Ireland restricted Germany to a 1-0 victory in Paris , a result good enough to send Michael O'Neill 's men into the knockout stages . As well as Southampton , Burnley were also reported to be interested in signing McGovern . Neil last week helped his former club replace McGovern , who rejected a new contract , by sending goalkeeper Remi Matthews to Accies on loan for the season .	Championship club Norwich City have emerged as the favourites to sign Northern Ireland goalkeeper Michael McGovern .
Afridi , 36 , originally joined the county for their T20 Blast campaign this season , but will now feature in all limited-overs cricket . The former Pakistan T20 captain has been named in the squad to face Gloucestershire at Bristol on Tuesday and Surrey at home on Wednesday . Opening batsman Michael Carberry will be absent with a hand injury . Hampshire have won one and lost one so far in the South Group of the One-Day Cup .	Hampshire have added Pakistan all-rounder Shahid Afridi to their squad for the remainder of the One-Day Cup .
He leapt out of a car driving on Main Street in Dickens Heath , Solihull , after a group outside The Chalice shouted at the driver to slow down . The victim , who managed to throw water on his face from a nearby dog bowl , was unhurt . The car drove off . It comes after a spate of acid attacks in London over the past few weeks . A separate man , thought to be the driver of the vehicle , has since been arrested and charged with a public order offence , West Midlands Police said . He is due before magistrates on 16 August . A bottle containing a clear liquid was also recovered . More updates on this story Officers are appealing to identify the man captured on CCTV squirting the liquid from the bottle outside the pub on Tuesday . The victim , whose eyes were protected by glasses , did not suffer any burning sensation . PC Dave Spencer said : `` Given the recent spate of acid attacks in London this was a hugely irresponsible act and very scary for the victim . `` The attacker shouted ' I 've got acid ' but we believe it was actually an ammonia-based cleaning fluid . '' Anyone with information is urged to contact the force .	A man shouted `` I 've got acid '' before squirting what is thought to be cleaning fluid in the face of a drinker outside a pub .
Roger Croft , the leader of West Berkshire District Council , was left seriously injured in hospital following the collision . His death was announced on Twitter by the Conservative MP for Newbury , Richard Benyon . He wrote : `` So sad that my friend Roger Croft has died . It would be hard to find someone more decent or kind . RIP . '' Mr Croft and his wife Grizelda were travelling through France when the collision happened at an unknown location . The authority said deputy leader , Councillor Graham Jones had taken over the role of leader until further notice . West Berkshire councillor Emma Webster tweeted : `` News of the death of Roger Croft has hit us all . He was an inspiring leader , amazing man & great friend . Now reunited with his beloved Zelda . ''	A council leader has died five weeks after he was involved in a car crash in France that killed his wife .
Officers turned to Twitter in a bid to find a thief who stole £600 worth of cosmetics from a local Boots store . `` We are looking for a 40-year-old man who looks 20 , glowing skin , long eyelashes , raised eyebrows & pronounced lips , '' they added . In response , one pun-loving joker replied : `` Is there any foundation to these allegations ? '' End of Twitter post by @ MonklandsPol The post by Monklands police sparked a series of witty responses from their followers on the social media platform . Referring to a popular brand of make-up , one asked : `` If you put him in an identity parade , will he be No 7 in the line up ? '' Another said : `` When questioned as to why he had allegedly stolen £600 of cosmetics the suspect simply answered 'Because I 'm worth it . ' '' The theft happened at Boots in Main Street , Coatbridge , at about 12:30 on Thursday . Anyone with information is asked to call Police Scotland on 101 or Crimestoppers .	A light-hearted appeal to trace a shoplifter by police in Lanarkshire has become a social media hit .
The deficit in May stood at £6.7bn , down £300m compared with the same month last year , the Office for National Statistics said . For the financial year-to-date , borrowing stands at £16.1bn , the lowest since the comparable period in 2008 . The UK has been struggling to fix its public finances since borrowing surged after the global financial crisis . The public finances were boosted last month by the biggest intake of value added tax receipts for any May on record , after these sales taxes stalled in April . There have been warnings that the UK economy will slow as negotiations to leave the European Union progress . Households are already being strained by rising consumer prices after the sharp fall in the pound following last June 's Brexit vote . On Tuesday Chancellor Philip Hammond said that although people are `` weary after seven years of hard slog repairing the damage of the great recession '' , he will stick to the fiscal rules he set out late last year , committing to balance the budget by the middle of the next decade .	The UK 's budget deficit narrowed last month , helped by a recovery in value added tax receipts .
A spokesman for Longleat in Wiltshire said a number of Humboldt penguins had died after contracting the avian strain of the disease from mosquitoes . Avian malaria can not be passed on to humans but the park has decided to close Penguin Island to visitors . Darren Beasley , head of animal operations , said : `` Our team of keepers are absolutely devastated . '' The safari park , which is home to a colony of captive-bred Humboldts , has said it will release further details of the number of penguins affected on Wednesday . `` Despite the best efforts of our team and with expert advice from other collections , we have still been unable to save a large amount of these incredible and popular aquatic birds , '' said Mr Beasley . `` We have taken the decision to close Penguin Island to visitors in order to give our team additional space and time to care for our remaining birds and to allow the heartbroken keepers time to get through this terrible experience . '' Originally from South America , the breed is normally found around coastal areas of Peru and Chile . Humboldt penguins are now officially listed as `` vulnerable '' by the International Union for Conservation of Nature , which means they are at immediate or imminent risk of becoming endangered .	A `` large number '' of penguins have died following an outbreak of malaria at a safari park .
Rachel 's Dairy said it was consulting on potential redundancies and reduced hours at its factory in Aberystwyth . The company said it was doing `` everything in our power to minimise the impact on Rachel 's consumers and employees '' . It is not known how many of its 92 staff could go . The company 's website says it is the largest private sector employer in Aberystwyth , employing staff in roles from production and distribution to sales and food technology . A Tesco spokesperson said : `` We always listen to what our customers want and regularly review the products we offer to ensure we have the best value and range possible . `` Rachel 's Dairy products will still be available in some stores in Wales ''	Jobs could be lost at a Ceredigion dairy firm after supermarket chain Tesco ended the contract for its yogurt range .
The blaze caused significant structural damage to the rear of the building and equipment was badly damaged at Cowpen Crematorium in Blyth on 12 March . Dozens of planned funerals had to be cancelled and rebooked in Newcastle and North Tyneside . Northumberland County Council said work was now under way to repair the fire-damaged roof and equipment . Councillor Ian Swithenbank said : `` We appreciate the significant distress and inconvenience this has caused to families and have been working hard to get this facility up and running again as quickly as possible . `` We 're continuing to work with neighbouring local authorities and have received excellent support from them to ensure that bereaved families are able to access crematorium services without any delays . '' An investigation into the cause of the fire is continuing , but there is no evidence to suggest that the fire was started deliberately , the council said . The council said early indications show the most likely cause was heat from machinery and flues causing a fire in the roof structure .	Northumberland 's only crematorium which was gutted by fire is to remain closed until October .
Toxicology reports released by the local medical examiner 's office record that he had a blood-alcohol content level well above Florida 's legal limit . The 24-year-old pitcher and two of his friends died on 24 September in the Miami Beach accident . It is unclear who was driving the boat at the time . Miami-Dade County Associate Medical Examiner Kenneth Hutchins reported that Fernandez , 27-year-old Emilio Jesus Macias and 25-year-old Eduardo Rivero had each suffered blunt force injuries to their head and body . Macias and Rivero both had blood-alcohol levels below the state 's legal limit , while Rivero had cocaine in his system , toxicology reports report . Investigators had found evidence that the boat was speeding when it hit the jetty , according to the Miami-Dade County State Attorney 's Office . Fernandez was born in Santa Clara , in Cuba , and defected to Florida when he was 16 , after three failed attempts . He made his debut for the Marlins in 2013 .	Miami Marlins baseball star Jose Fernandez had cocaine and alcohol in his system when he was killed after his boat crashed into a jetty last month .
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board wants to fill posts across its hospitals and community sites . Recruitment specialists hope to lure candidates from Portugal and Italy . The board said it had recruited 259 nursing staff since the start of the year and had `` exhausted the pool of recent nursing graduates '' . Raj Chana , the interim director of workforce and organisational development for the board , said : `` We , like many other NHS bodies in the UK , are having to look further afield to support staff and make sure we are fully prepared for the winter ahead . '' Last month , Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board ( ABMU ) announced its own nursing recruits from Romania and Italy had started their induction at Swansea 's Morriston Hospital . ABMU said it was scouring Europe in a bid to `` attract the cream of nurses looking for a fresh challenge in Wales '' . The news comes after people with minor injuries and illnesses were urged not to clog up accident and emergency units in a bid to avoid another winter pressures crisis across Wales .	A south Wales health board will launch a Europe-wide recruitment drive to find 130 extra nurses ahead of the winter months .
Kipchoge , 31 , beat his fellow Kenyan , 33 , in a sprint finish in 2015 . Kenyan world-record holder Dennis Kimetto , third last year , is also confirmed for the event on 24 April . It had already been announced that 2015 's women 's race winner , 28-year-old Ethiopian Tigist Tufa , will take on Kenya 's two-time victor Mary Keitany . Ethiopia 's triple Olympic gold medallist Kenenisa Bekele and Eritrea 's world champion Ghirmay Ghebreslassie , 20 , are also due to take part in the men 's race . There will be 13 elite British male runners hoping to secure their place at this summer 's Olympics . Scott Overall and Callum Hawkins have already achieved the qualifying time and will guarantee their place in Rio de Janeiro if they are the first two Britons to cross the line . Sonia Samuels and Alyson Dixon have run inside the women 's qualifying time and will also guarantee Rio places if they are the first two British females to finish . Media playback is not supported on this device	Reigning champion Eliud Kipchoge will vie with two-time winner Wilson Kipsang for this year 's London Marathon men 's title .
The 32-year-old Ireland , and ex-England , international has not featured for the Bears since last July , having suffered a fractured tibia in training . Rankin was fit enough to make four appearances in seven days for Ireland in January , in the Desert T20 in Dubai . But he then suffered his most recent problem , another back injury , while on Ireland duty again in April . Having opted to transfer his international allegiance back to his native Ireland , that ruled him out of his country 's two ODIs against England at Bristol and Lord 's in early May . He came through a Second XI match last week against Derbyshire bowling almost 20 overs to take 3-60 in the match . Bears captain Ian Bell will lead the side on the ground when he scored his last first-class century , an unbeaten 174 in the opening game of last season .	Warwickshire fast bowler Boyd Rankin is in line to make his first start of the 2017 season following a back injury .
About 600 supporters took up the offer of free coach travel to the League Two game against Notts County at Deepdale . The club 's main sponsor , Virgin Trains , offered free travel for 500 fans . It was the first of Carlisle 's 'home ' matches to be switched following Storm Desmond earlier this month . Close to the rivers Petteril and Eden , the Brunton Park pitch was under several feet of water while damage to club facilities was `` extensive '' . As the clean up and repair operation continues over the coming weeks , they will play their first match of 2016 against Plymouth Argyle at Blackburn 's Ewood Park . `` As well as coaches and trains , plenty of fans were going by car along the M6 . `` There was a novelty factor for fans about travelling to Deepdale , although some had already experienced a similar thing when Carlisle 's ground was flooded in 2005 and the club played its 'home ' games at Morecambe . `` It was very good of Preston to offer their ground . However , it was a three-hour round trip for those going by car and with all the events people in the city have had to deal with in the wake of the floods , it was a lot to ask . ''	Carlisle United fans have made the journey to Preston as the flood-hit Cumbrian club played its 'home ' match 85 miles ( 135km ) away from Brunton Park .
Sinclair has made 26 appearances for the Minstermen since signing for the League Two club 12 months ago , but he has not featured since November . The 28-year-old started his career at Nottingham Forest , and had spells with eight clubs before joining York . Guiseley are currently 18th in the National League table , six points above the relegation zone . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	National League side Guiseley have signed striker Emile Sinclair from York City a one-month loan deal .
Sir Michael Fallon said the government would make a `` bigger commitment to peacekeeping , particularly in Africa '' . The UK needed to help states `` on the brink of failure '' , or face instability that leads to extremism , he added . More than 80 nations will take part in a London peacekeeping conference later . Last year David Cameron said the UK would send about 70 troops to Somalia and up to 300 to South Sudan . BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Beale said only a handful of the troops for South Sudan had arrived so far , but Sir Michael 's announcement means the total there could reach 400 . Sir Michael told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme : `` If you do n't help states that are on the brink of failure , you get the instability that leads to extremism , war lords and eventually to terrorist groups and then you end up with mass migration . `` So you have to deal with the problem further back , and that 's why we 've decided now to make a bigger commitment to peacekeeping , particularly in Africa . '' One of the first tasks for the British troops in South Sudan will be to build a field hospital .	An extra 100 military personnel will be sent to South Sudan as the UK looks to `` step up '' its United Nations peacekeeping commitments , the defence secretary has said .
Carter , 33 , helped the All Blacks to a 34-17 win over Australia in Saturday 's World Cup final at Twickenham . He has announced his international retirement after scoring a record 1,598 points in 112 appearances . The All Blacks won the team of the year and Australia 's Michael Cheika was named coach of the year . Media playback is not supported on this device Carter , who also won in 2005 and 2012 , joins team-mate and All Blacks captain Richie McCaw as the only triple winners of the award , which was first given in 2001 . The five other nominees for the award were All Blacks team-mate Julian Savea , Australia flanker Michael Hooper and number eight David Pocock , Wales lock Alun Wyn Jones and Scotland scrum-half Greig Laidlaw . Carter is joining French club Racing Metro , where he will become the sport 's highest-paid player . The World Rugby Awards winners were selected by an independent panel of judges , chaired by Australia 's 1999 World Cup-winning captain John Eales and made up of former internationals , media and the teams who took part in the World Cup .	New Zealand fly-half Dan Carter was named World Rugby player of the year for a third time at a ceremony in London on Sunday .
Back-row forward Waldrom , 33 , joined Exeter from Leicester in 2014 and has been the Premiership 's highest try-scorer in both seasons at Sandy Park . Former Jersey prop Williams , 24 , broke into Rob Baxter 's side last season and started their Premiership final defeat . They join England Saxons players Don Armand , Alec Hepburn and Mitch Lees , who all agreed contracts on Sunday . Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter said : `` Tom has shown in the last couple of years that he 's playing right at the top of the game , but we are still confident that physically and mentally he is still up to contributing a lot to the team and to the club . `` It 's the same for Harry , he came in for his first year last season and he did extremely well . `` There are not many guys who have come out of the Championship and found themselves playing in European quarter-finals , Premiership semi-finals , a Premiership final and done as well as he has . ''	Exeter Chiefs pair Thomas Waldrom and Harry Williams have signed new deals until the end of the 2017-18 season .
British number two Watson , 23 , took the first set and was a break up in the second but failed to take advantage as Stosur rallied to win 4-6 6-3 6-0 . Watson 's capitulation included losing the last 11 games of the match , which lasted just under two hours . Australian Stosur will face France 's Caroline Garcia or German second seed Angelique Kerber in the last four .	Heather Watson has been knocked out of the Hong Kong Open in the quarter-finals by fifth seed Samantha Stosur .
Fellow midfielder Almen Abdi missed the win over the Canaries and could miss out again . Burton have doubts over striker Marvin Sordell ( ankle ) and defender Ben Turner ( neck ) after the duo picked up knocks in the goalless draw at Bristol City . Defender John Brayford ( knee ) is unlikely to return .	Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Sam Hutchinson is a doubt after going off with a knock in the 5-1 victory against Norwich on Saturday .
The government 's health arm has bought the former GlaxoSmithKlein site in Harlow for £25m as its major centre . This heralds the transfer of 2,745 jobs from other parts of the country , many from Porton Down in Wiltshire , by 2024 . Plans for the move were announced in September 2015 bringing a protest from Salisbury MP John Glen . He told George Osborne , then the Chancellor , who announced the move while visiting Harlow that he was `` extremely disappointed '' with the step . Harlow MP Robert Halfon , expressed his delight that one of the world 's leading science hubs was now almost certain to come to Harlow . `` We 're going to be the public health science capital of the world as the only other place that does this work is Atlanta in the United States , '' he said . `` It will bring thousands of jobs in to Harlow . These are people with scientific expertise and the step will encourage micro-business in the town . '' Richard Gleave , deputy chief executive and chief operating officer , said : `` This will be Public Health England 's main centre in the country and will offer lots of job and career opportunities with an organisation committed to education and development . ''	The purchase of a former pharmaceutical research site by Public Health England will bring `` thousands of jobs '' to Essex , an MP claims .
Simindei Naururi and Kulangash Toposat reportedly doused a cow carcass with poison at the Maasai Mara Game reserve . Two lions from the pride were killed and one is missing . Eight are being treated after falling ill . The lions are thought to have killed three of the herdsmen 's cows when they entered the reserve . The Kenyan Wildlife Service warned that other animals might have been affected . The lions , from the famous Marsh pride , were featured on BBC wildlife programme Big Cat Diary . The poisoning was confirmed on the pride 's Facebook page on 7 December . One of the two lions killed was Bibi , a 17-year-old female lion . A BBC wildlife crew member at the scene said she was found `` foaming at the mouth , fitting and panting '' . Another lioness , Sienna , is missing , according to the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust . Her two-year-old cub is reportedly being treated by vets . The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in Nairobi says there is conflict between the big cats and Maasai herdsmen . Local cattle herders have poisoned lions in the past to stop them eating their cattle .	Two Maasai herdsmen have been charged after allegedly poisoning a famous pride of lions in Narok , south-west Kenya , a wildlife official said .
The tourists led with 18 minutes left before conceding 21 unanswered points against the world champions . `` We wanted to play positive rugby . You ca n't come here and be conservative and expect to edge a win , '' said Warburton . `` But we 're really disappointed to concede seven points right at the end and make the scoreboard look a little bit ugly . '' Replacement hooker Nathan Harris scored New Zealand 's fifth touchdown of the game with the clock in the red at the end of the second half . All Black captain Kieran Read - leading the team for the first time after the retirement of Richie McCaw - said they had expected Wales to be `` fired up '' . `` We were not up to our normal standards in the first half and had to remember what Test match rugby is all about , '' he said . `` The boys had a really good attitude in the second half . '' Wales play Waikato Chiefs in Hamilton on Tuesday before the second Test in Wellington on 17 June . Warburton , speaking immediately after the game , added : `` Some of our counter-attacking was good . `` But we were playing the world champions and against them one mistake becomes seven points and two mistakes become 14 points . `` We will be back next week , hopefully better . ''	Wales captain Sam Warburton backed his side 's adventure after their 39-21 defeat by New Zealand in Auckland .
Police said the woman went outside her home at 23:00 BST on Friday to check on a noise when the gang burst in . She was tied up and dragged upstairs before being threatened into revealing where her safe was . A valuable diamond bracelet was taken along with cash from the house in Bingley Road . The gang also tried to steal the woman 's car from the driveway but they were unable to start the vehicle . Det Insp Phil Jackson , of West Yorkshire Police , said : `` This was clearly a really frightening experience for the victim and we are currently carrying out extensive inquiries to trace the men responsible .	A 77-year-old woman was tied up and threatened by a gang of men who barged into in her home in Menston , West Yorkshire .
Winger Adam Hammill missed that game with a toe injury and could be out of the rest of the season . Brentford could have defender Andreas Bjelland back in their squad for the first time since early March . Florian Jozefzoon is pressing for a start as they look to reach the top 10 for the first time since October .	Barnsley boss Paul Heckingbottom could make changes after seeing his side throw away a two-goal lead in Thursday 's 3-2 defeat at Wigan .
Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service were called to Charles Street , Milford Haven at 00:38 GMT on Sunday . No one was hurt after the occupants were alerted by a smoke alarm to the fire in their front room . Steve Davies , deputy head of community safety , said the incident could have been much worse . He said : `` We all love Christmas lights , but we often forget that Christmas lights are used far less than everyday lights , and so require more care . `` When arranging your lights , please follow the manufacturer 's instructions , check that your Christmas lights carry the British Standard sign and replace any bulbs that blow . `` These light bulbs can burn through materials such as paper of fabrics so please do not attach decorations to lights or heaters . '' `` Make this a Christmas to remember for the right reasons , always ensure that you switch all Christmas lights off and unplug them before leaving the house or going to bed . ''	Firefighters have issued a safety warning after Christmas tree lights set on fire after being left on during the night .
North Wales Fire and Rescue Service said the blaze involved 500 sq m of gorse at Haulfre Gardens . They were first called to the fire in Conwy county just before 21:00 BST and have since received numerous calls from the public about the flames . It is believed to have been started deliberately .	Firefighters are dealing with a large gorse fire on the Great Orme at Llandudno .
At least 50 people are reported to have been wounded or killed after being shot in areas of Cape Town 's Manenberg suburb in recent weeks . Provincial Premier Helen Zille has asked the national government to send in the army to help overwhelmed police . A caretaker at one of the schools died after being shot a number of weeks ago . A stray bullet from gang violence hit a primary school at about that time as well . The decision to close the schools was made after teachers said they fear for their safety , Western Cape Province Education Ministry spokeswoman Bronagh Casey told the Associated Press news agency . Aysha Ismail , mother of one of the victims , called for a greater police presence in Manenberg , to try to bring down the levels of violence . Ms Ismail said her son was shot in an area where children play every day . Fellow members said he was a part of the gang called the Americans .	A surge in gang violence has prompted education officials in South Africa 's Western Cape Province to close 16 schools for two days .
Kent had also accepted the experiment for the four-day match , starting in Canterbury on 12 September . The Division Two match will begin at 1400 BST , instead of 1030 BST , and finish at 2100 BST . A pink ball has already been tried in first-class cricket in Pakistan . The move is part of an International Cricket Council proposal to introduce day-night Test matches . And the ICC is keen for all Test-playing nations to use the new ball in their four-day competitions to ensure it is up to the required standard . The viability of playing day-night Tests , to boost crowds , is being explored by the game 's governing body . In June , England and Wales Cricket Board managing director Huw Morris said he was `` open-minded '' about the prospect of playing floodlit Test matches . The former Glamorgan batsman said : `` The colour of the ball we would potentially use under lights would be important and trialling it in other forms of the game before we do it at international level would be important . '' Both Glamorgan and Kent are out of contention for promotion from Division Two of the County Championship .	Glamorgan have accepted an England and Wales Cricket Board request to play with a pink ball in their final County Championship match at Kent .
Foreign prisoners were previously expected to pay for their own medication , unlike local inmates . Two HIV-positive prisoners had challenged the government 's refusal to pay for their anti-retrovirals ( ARVs ) . The UN estimates that about 25 % of people aged between 15 and 49 are HIV-positive in Botswana . A year ago the High Court ruled in favour of the two prisoners and the Botswana Network on Ethics , Law and HIV/Aids ( Bonela ) , which backed their case . But the state appealed against the decision . According to the legal rights group Southern Africa Litigation Centre ( SALC ) , the appeal court ordered that the treatment for foreign prisoners begin immediately and that free HIV testing also be offered . `` The judgment marks a decisive victory for public health in Botswana and the region . We look forward to the government taking immediate steps to roll out treatment to those prisoners falling within the treatment gap , '' Bonela 's Phazha Molebatsi said in a statement . Foreign prisoners made up more than 14 % of Botswana 's prison population in 2013 , the International Centre for Prison Studies says .	Botswana 's court of appeal has upheld a ruling that foreign prisoners should receive free treatment for HIV/Aids , rights lawyers say .
The ministry accused Miranda 's police of human rights violations and involvement in criminal networks . The state , governed by the opposition leader Henrique Capriles , has seen some of the biggest protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro . Mr Capriles said the ministry 's intervention was a political attack on the state . He said the ministry was now in charge of all police activities there . `` It 's clear they 'll try to use the police against the people , '' he said . Mr Capriles urged the police to disobey any orders that violated the constitution . More than 60 people have been killed in anti-government protests in Venezuela over the last two months . The government and the opposition blame each other for the deaths and for alleged human rights abuses .	Venezuela 's interior ministry has taken control of the police force in the opposition-controlled state of Miranda .
The cars crashed on the A92 eastbound at the Kirkcaldy West interchange just after 06:10 . The collision involved a white Citroen Berlingo , Transit van and a blue Kia Sorento . A 27-year-old man has been taken to the Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy with minor injuries . The three vehicles have been removed from the road .	A road has reopened after being closed for almost three hours following a three-vehicle crash in Fife .
Mr Abe said he was accepting a court-mediated settlement reached after a long stand-off between the central government and local authorities . The government wants to move the US Futenma airbase from its densely populated site to a more remote area . But local officials and residents want the base removed entirely . Japan has already began land reclamation work off the shore of Camp Schwab , the US base in Henoko , south of Nago city . Mr Abe said he would now be ordering that work to stop , but that the government 's plan was still to eventually relocate the base to Henoko . The US has about 26,000 US troops and several bases in Okinawa as part of a long-standing security alliance forged with Japan after World War Two . Resentment at the US presence has been growing among Okinawans , particularly since the 1995 gang-rape of a 12-year-old girl by US troops . Residents have also complained about the environmental impact of land reclamation .	Japan 's PM Shinzo Abe has agreed to suspend construction work required for the relocation of a controversial US military base in Okinawa .
In a tight contest the Irish fighter lost on a split decision after a 39-37 , 38-38 , 37-39 scoreline . `` It is very disappointing - it 's very hard to take but I gave it my best shot , '' Taylor told RTE . It is another blow for the Ireland team with Michael Conlan the only boxer still involved in the Games . Media playback is not supported on this device A positive drugs test for middleweight Michael O'Reilly got Ireland 's Rio boxing campaign off to a bad start . London 2012 bronze medallist Paddy Barnes made a shock exit , while there were also defeats for David Oliver Joyce , Joe Ward , Steven Donnelly and Brendan Irvine . Bantamweight Conlan clinched a place in the quarter-finals with a unanimous win over Armenia 's Aram Avagyan on Sunday . Taylor produced a busy performance against Potkonen but her opponent landed the bigger punches , giving her the edge and a guaranteed medal as a semi-finalist .	Katie Taylor 's defence of her Olympic lightweight title ended with a surprise quarter-final defeat by Finland 's Mira Potkonen in Rio on Monday .
McDonald will join the Renegades during the English off-season , with their first game taking place on 22 December . `` I 'm really looking forward for that period of time to come round , but first and foremost we 've got a job to do here , '' he told BBC Radio Leicester . `` The focus is fully on Leicestershire and the end of the season . ''	Leicestershire elite performance director Andrew McDonald has agreed to coach Melbourne Renegades in the 2016-17 Big Bash League .
The company aims to open a Â£50m site at Temple Works in Holbeck by 2019 creating 200 jobs to produce trench coats . Two existing centres in Castleford and Keighley will close under the plans , with 770 staff expected to relocate . Councillors have agreed to allocate land for the move and provide a grant to landscape part of the site . Under the plans , the Grade I listed Temple Works building will be restored with work on the site in South Bank , Holbeck due to begin next year . Senior councillors have been asked to allow city officials to form legal agreements with Burberry for the `` disposal of council assets on Bath Road , Sweet Street and Leodis Court '' . A grant of up to Â£750,000 will be provided to create a `` new public space '' at the front of Temple Works . A report is to be prepared by June 2016 detailing the final negotiations and legal agreements with Burberry . Earlier this month councillor Judith Blake , leader of Leeds City Council , said : `` We welcome this significant investment in Leeds and are proud that Yorkshire will continue to be the manufacturing home of this great British business , bringing jobs , training and regeneration to the area . ''	Plans by global fashion brand Burberry to open a weaving centre in Leeds have been backed by the city council .
Two men wearing khaki uniforms and with African accents knocked on their door in Bushmoor Crescent , Shooters Hill , at about 17:30 BST on 1 July . The men forced their way inside , injuring the male resident in his 70s . The intruders both in their early 30s stole credit cards , debit cards and £700 in cash , Scotland Yard said . The injured resident did not require hospital treatment . The first man is described as black , about 6ft tall , of stocky build and with short dreadlocks while the other was black , about 6ft 2ins tall , of medium build and with short cropped black hair . Det Con Andrew Payne said : `` [ We ] believe that the suspects may have specifically targeted this address in Bushmoor Crescent . `` There are people in the community that will have information about the motive and know those involved . ''	A £10,000 reward has been offered after two pensioners were threatened with knives during an aggravated burglary at their south-east London home .
Skelton , who co-presented the BBC 's swimming and diving coverage at the Olympics in Rio , will fill the hot seat on Lorraine from 24 to 28 October . The 33-year-old said was `` so excited '' to filling Kelly 's shoes and looking forward to the show 's cookery items . Lady Gaga , James Arthur , Sophie Ellis-Bextor and Jodie Kidd will be among her celebrity guests . She will also speak to former Coronation Street star Tracy Brabin , Labour 's candidate for the Batley and Spen by-election prompted by the killing of Jo Cox . Fiona Phillips , Gaby Roslin and Lisa Snowdon took turns to host Lorraine when Kelly , 56 , took time off in August . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram at bbcnewsents , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Ex-Blue Peter presenter Helen Skelton is to host Lorraine Kelly 's ITV chat show when Kelly goes on holiday .
The private chartered aircraft was travelling from Istanbul in Turkey when it was diverted to Budapest , Hungary . A second plane was sent from Istanbul to pick the team up from Budapest and take them to Manchester . The Turkish side play United at Old Trafford at 20:05 BST . The club said on Twitter there was `` nothing alarming '' after the incident . United tweeted in reply : `` Wishing you a safe trip for the rest of your journey to Manchester . See you soon ! '' Fenerbahce , who are ninth in Turkey 's Super Lig , are top of Group A of the Europa League , a point ahead of third-placed United . Fenerbahce 's team includes former United striker Robin van Persie and ex-Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel .	Fenerbahce 's team plane was forced to make an emergency landing after it was hit by a bird on its way to the UK for Thursday 's Europa League game against Manchester United .
The woman was attacked at about 23:30 in Bonnyrigg 's High Street on Saturday . On waking she found her purse , with bankcard and cash , was stolen . She was treated by the ambulance service at the scene , after receiving minor head injuries . There is no description of the attacker as the woman was approached from behind but she believes there was one man involved . She was walking at a venal near to the RBS ATM machine when she was assaulted . Det Con James Welsh , of Police Scotland , said : `` This was an extremely distressing incident for the young woman involved and we 're urging anyone who may have witnessed the incident , seen anyone acting suspiciously in the area at the time of the incident , or who has any information which can help with our inquiries , to come forward . ''	A 21-year-old woman has been knocked unconscious and robbed in Midlothian .
Around 40 traders and shoppers marched through the centre of Cardigan on Wednesday calling for two hours of free parking for visitors . Local shops said their trade increased by up to 20 % last year when parking machines in the town 's four car parks were vandalised and out of use . Ceredigion council said parking charges must be `` consistent '' in all towns . The march was led by the chairman of Cardigan Traders , Martyn Radley , who has called on Ceredigion council to give local traders `` a level playing field '' with out-of-town businesses . Ceredigion council said the matter had been discussed and the view is that `` parking charges must be applied consistently across all towns within Ceredigion '' . The council added the charges are necessary both in terms of covering the cost of providing car parking facilities and helping to meet the `` extraordinary financial pressures '' facing the authority . Traders have vowed to continue their campaign for free parking .	A protest has been held in a bid to secure free parking in a Ceredigion market town .
The Mapgies have had key absentees through injury this season , such as top scorer Dwight Gayle , striker Aleksandar Mitrovic and midfielder Vurnon Anita . In spite of this , Rafael Benitez 's side have maintained their Premier League promotion bid , topping the Championship with 78 points from 38 games . `` It 's a massive strength we 've got here , '' Hanley said . `` It 's brilliant that the lads are together . '' Hanley , 25 , played for the first time since February in Saturday 's 0-0 draw at Birmingham City , one of 18 appearances this season . The Scotland international deputised for fellow defender Ciaran Clark , who has suffered knee ligament damage . `` I 've not got as much game time as I 'd have liked but I 'm not alone as there are a number of lads who are probably feeling the same , '' Hanley added . `` The lads who have been playing have done really well and that 's the way it is . `` Everybody knows they have a part to play , so it 's important to be constantly ready and on top of your game so when you 're called up you 're ready to go . ''	Newcastle United are fortunate to have togetherness and unity within the squad , says defender Grant Hanley .
The 26-year-old left the Dons at the end of last season after making more than 100 appearances and helping them win promotion to League One in 2015-16 . He will provide competition for Czech Republic international Marek Stech at Kenilworth Road . `` They are both of real good ages that they can still develop and still get better , '' said Luton boss Nathan Jones . `` James has the experience of being promoted from this division with Wimbledon and , although Marek initially comes in as our number one , we do feel that we 've got two first-choice goalkeepers that can compete . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Luton Town have signed former AFC Wimbledon goalkeeper James Shea on a one-year deal .
The 53-year-old was driving a Ford Fiesta on Park Road at Woodhorn when it collided with a Skoda Citigo travelling in the opposite direction . The 60-year-old woman driving the Skoda was taken to Newcastle 's Royal Victoria Infirmary where her condition is described as stable . The road was closed for more than four hours after the crash at 07:40 BST . Police are appealing for witnesses .	A man has died in a two-car collision in Northumberland .
Cornwall are the reigning champions and will head to Twickenham for their fourth successive final , meeting Cheshire for the first time since 1998 - when the latter won 21-14 . `` I 'd imagine we 'd be billed as favourites , '' Dawe told BBC Cornwall . `` We 've got a bit of responsibility there and it 'll be an even bigger disappointment if we do n't win . '' Cheshire 's last appearance in the final was when they beat Gloucestershire in 2002 , with the last of their three victories coming in that win over Trelawny 's Army in 1998 . `` We 've been pretty pleased with our game up to a point , '' Dawe added . `` Our set pieces have been OK and our breakdown 's been pretty good , but we 've lacked continuity . `` An error or a penalty has stopped our momentum and that 's the one thing we want to try to overcome - to get a bit more momentum into our game , a bit more continuity , and hopefully find some spaces in their defence . ''	Cornwall are favourites to retain their County Championship title on Sunday , according to head coach Graham Dawe .
The Golden State Warriors guard plays golf with a 2.2 handicap and has received a sponsor exemption to compete in the second-tier tournament . The 29-year-old won his second NBA title in three years with the Warriors earlier this month . `` I 'm looking forward to hopefully not embarrassing myself , '' he said . Find out how to get into golf with our special guide . `` Golf has always been a passion of mine and it 's a dream come true to get the chance to play inside the ropes amongst the pros in a PGA Tour-sanctioned tournament . '' Curry , a two-time NBA Most Valuable Player and the Warriors ' all-time leader in three-pointers made , will generate welcome publicity for the event , which is held a short drive from Golden State 's home arena in Oakland . He is not the first San Francisco-based sports star to appear at the tournament . Former San Francisco 49ers wide receiver Jerry Rice made three appearances in the event , missing the cut each time .	NBA star Stephen Curry will swap a basketball for a golf club in August when he plays against professionals in the Web.com Tour 's Ellie Mae Classic .
After heavy defeats in the opening two contests , the Cavaliers now trail 2-1 in the best-of-seven series . Kyrie Irving added 30 points for the home team , with Steph Curry only claiming 19 for Golden State . `` We were n't ready to play , '' said Warriors coach Steve Kerr . `` They just punched us right in the mouth . '' James added : `` My team-mates got me going . They told me to be aggressive - and that 's what I was . '' Cleveland were beaten by Golden State in last year 's Finals . Game four is also in Cleveland on Friday .	LeBron James scored 32 points as the Cleveland Cavaliers beat defending champions Golden State Warriors 120-90 in the third game of the NBA Finals .
Chloe Cockton , 16 , was a passenger in the Renault Clio when it hit a pedestrian barrier on Bury Road , Rochdale at about 02:20 BST on Sunday . The 19-year-old male driver of the car suffered a serious head injury and two girls aged 17 and a boy , 16 , also needed hospital treatment . Ms Cockton , from Rochdale , died in hospital following the crash . Police have urged the driver of a black Hackney cab believed to have been present at the scene to come forward .	A teenage girl has died and four others have been injured in a crash in Greater Manchester .
For the third year running , the charity is asking women to raise money by swapping their make-up for a paw print . Renowned photographer Rankin has taken photos of eight celebrities , who also include singer and former Strictly Come Dancing contestant Sophie Ellis-Bextor . She said : `` I 'm delighted to be joining the campaign alongside so many phenomenal women . '' Beauty vlogger Tanya Burr , Bafta-winning actress Olivia Colman , TV presenter Lorraine Kelly , Rochelle Hume from The Saturdays and actress Michelle Keegan complete this year 's famous line-up . But for the first time since the campaign began , the stars are also joined by women who work alongside BBC Children in Need - which helps disadvantaged children and young people across the UK . The charity is asking for women to post their own photos on the Children in Need website and be a part of the Big BearFaced Selfie . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube	Ella Eyre and Laura Mvula are among celebrities to go BearFaced for this year 's BBC Children in Need campaign .
The 36-year-old quit Tests and one-day internationals in 2015 , but wanted to keep playing Twenty20s despite stepping down as captain in April 2016 . `` I have said goodbye to international cricket , '' said the all-rounder , who played 27 Tests , 398 ODIs and 98 T20s . Afridi , who said he will continue playing domestic T20 cricket , added : `` I am playing for my fans and will continue for another two years . ''	Former Pakistan captain Shahid Afridi has retired from international cricket .
The central midfielder , 27 , who has 107 international caps , will join the Women 's Super League One outfit from Norwegian club Avaldsnes on 1 January . She reached the Women 's Champions League semi-finals with German side Turbine Potsdam in 2013-14 , before a spell with Swedish side Goteborg . `` To sign Maren is a real statement of intent from the club , '' manager Emma Hayes told Chelsea 's club website . `` We have been looking for a player that brings leadership and experience to the group and she fits the bill perfectly . '' Mjelde added : `` The project that the club and Emma are working on is hugely exciting . This is an important stage of my career and I needed a new challenge after a successful season in Norway . `` I want to win trophies and improve as a player and believe I can do that at Chelsea . '' Chelsea finished second in the English top flight in 2016 and reached the Women 's FA Cup final , after winning the double in 2015 .	Chelsea Ladies have signed Norway captain Maren Mjelde until 2018 .
Energy company E.On said it had further consultation work to carry out on the proposed Rampion project before resubmitting the development consent order . It wants to build 195 turbines off the Sussex coast . E.On said it hoped to resubmit the application in February and remained `` completely committed '' to the project . A spokeswoman said : `` We have identified some areas that we need to add to the application . `` We want the application to be complete before the Planning Inspectorate decides whether to accept it and the only way to do this is to withdraw it and resubmit again as soon as we are ready . `` We remain completely committed to the project , but wish to take extra time now to maintain our comprehensive approach to consultation . ''	An application for a major offshore wind farm in the English Channel has been withdrawn .
Using technology honed by the British military in Afghanistan , the Great North Air Ambulance ( GNAAS ) will run the new service throughout the North East , Cumbria and North Yorkshire . Around 50 people die in the region each year from blood loss in accidents , crashes or assaults . The charity hopes to reduce that number by giving quicker transfusions . Newcastle Hospitals ' Major Trauma Service is also helping to run the service . Only a handful of air ambulance charities in the UK carry blood stocks . A spokesman for Newcastle Hospitals Trust said : `` This new collaboration will help trauma specialists working with GNAAS and the Blood Bike groups save even more lives , by delivering emergency O-negative blood directly to the scene of life-threatening accidents . `` From now on this could be on a road-side , on a hill-top or in a remote community , rather than having to wait until they arrive at the emergency department . ''	Blood is to be carried on a helicopter ambulance for in-air transfusions in a bid to save more lives .
Investigations are being carried out at the scene and a tent has been erected . Officers are appealing for information concerning the incident and are keen to locate the mother of the baby . South Wales Police said they were called to the scene at 18:00 BST and the Taffs Mead Embankment road , opposite Brains Brewery , has been shut . A police helicopter , dogs and firefighters have been involved in the search with forensic investigators also at the scene . Detective Inspector Paul Latham said : `` We want to locate the mother of this baby to ensure she receives the medical attention she needs . `` We appeal to her to contact us , so that we can provide her with the support and reassurance that she requires . `` We want to hear from anyone who has any information concerning this incident or from anybody who may be able to assist us in identifying the mother of this baby , who is believed to have been born within the last few days . `` Whilst this investigation is in its early stages , I want to stress that our priority is the safety and well being of the mother at this time . '' Anyone with any information is asked to contact South Wales Police on 101 .	Police have sealed off a section of an embankment in Cardiff after the body of a newborn baby was found in the River Taff .
Fire crews were called to the farm , in the village of Quothquan , near Thankerton , at 22:45 on Wednesday . They used four hose jets to contain the fire to one section of the building . The farmer removed livestock and about 150 bales of hay to allow firefighters better access . An investigation into the cause of the blaze is under way . Crews worked through the night to extinguish the blaze and a single crew remained at the scene on Thursday morning to continue dampening down operations . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was `` liaising with police to determine the circumstances surrounding the incident '' .	A farmer in South Lanarkshire was able to lead 35 livestock to safety after a fire broke out at a building storing machinery and hay bales .
Luis Suarez put the holders ahead with a run from the halfway line before a cool finish . Lionel Messi doubled the lead when his fierce effort from outside the area went in off the post . But Antoine Griezmann gave Atletico hope for next Tuesday 's second leg at the Nou Camp with a 59th-minute close-range header . Alaves and Celta Vigo are the other semi-finalists , with their first leg on Thursday .	Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid in the first leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final tie at the Vicente Calderon .
The 35-year-old joins from Indian Super League side Delhi Dynamos , where he had been since August 2015 . He has signed a contract until the end of the season and teams up with fellow Frenchman Patrice Carteron , who became the club 's manager earlier in January . Malouda , who played Chelsea from 2007 to 2013 , has earned 80 France caps and scored nine international goals .	Egyptian side Wadi Degla have signed former France international and ex-Chelsea midfielder Florent Malouda .
GL Assessment , who provide the tests , said it was investigating the `` possible breach of security '' in Plymouth , Devon . Some pupils sitting the English exam later told their parents they had already seen the paper , it is alleged . GL Assessment said `` extensive security measures '' were in place to prevent exam papers being leaked . Hundreds of pupils sit the paper every year to try and gain a place at one of the city 's three grammar schools . Parent Louise Higgins said : `` It 's a big shame that we ca n't now relax because we were looking forward to it being all over and done with . What will happen ? Will we have to retake ? Will there be a delay in the results ? It will have an impact on us going forward . '' Mum Caroline Tall added : `` At first I thought it was just a rumour , but to think it could be true is very concerning to me . '' A spokesperson for Plymouth City Council confirmed they were working with GL Assessment ( GLA ) to explore if there were any irregularities with the 11-plus exam . A spokesperson for GLA said : `` While the potential for a leak is extremely remote , we take any suggestion of a breach very seriously . ''	An investigation has been launched following claims some schoolchildren had already seen an 11-plus exam paper before taking the test .
Brand was given the honour in a ceremony at Canterbury Cathedral for her work in raising awareness of mental health issues . She worked in psychiatric nursing for 10 years before her career in stand-up comedy blossomed . Brand , who grew up in the county , said she was `` very flattered and honoured '' to receive the award . She added : `` I used to be a psychiatric nurse , but I think even in this day and age , when people are becoming much more liberal-thinking than they used to be , people with mental health issues still really suffer from the negative opinion of most of the general public . '' Prof Rama Thirunamachandran , the university 's vice-chancellor , said : `` Jo has achieved great success , leading the way for female comediennes . `` However , it is through her public standing , and her work , in raising awareness of mental health issues and challenging the stigma around mental illness where she has achieved true impact . ''	Comedian Jo Brand has been awarded an honorary doctorate by Canterbury Christ Church University .
Up to 70 firefighters tackled the blaze in Foulridge , near Colne , Lancashire , after flames from the barbecue set grass alight on Sunday . The fire service said it had smouldering bread on it when crews arrived . No-one was injured . It said those responsible were `` not only careless but very irresponsible , ducking out '' of reporting it .	Smouldering bread was found on a disposable barbecue that caused a fire on 50 hectares of moorland .
Scots competing in the 2016 Olympics include tennis gold medallist Andy Murray , who has also been selected as the Team GB flag bearer . Rowers Katherine Grainger and Heather Stanning , who won gold in London 2012 , will also be defending their titles . The 51 Scots include three reserve athletes . It is the highest number ever to be selected for an away games , beating the previous record for the 2008 Beijing Games of 31 . The first minister said : `` There is no higher honour than competing on a global stage and I am delighted that so many Scottish athletes will be performing in Rio . `` The Olympics is one of the highest-profile sporting events in the world , and is a tremendous opportunity to compete against the best sportsmen and women in the world . `` I will be cheering on all of them throughout the games and I hope that the hard work and dedication these athletes have put in will pay off . '' Ms Sturgeon said she wished the Scottish Olympians and the whole of Team GB the `` very best of luck '' . The Olympics opening ceremony at Rio de Janeiro 's Maracana Stadium begins at midnight on Friday UK time .	First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has sent a message of support to Team GB athletes in Rio - including the record 51 Scottish Olympians selected .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 13 November 2014 Last updated at 09:02 GMT Often people do n't realise the important and demanding role they have helping a parent or relative every day . A special programme for Children in Need showed how difficult it can be for young people who care for their mums . Tom and Antonia-Rae were featured in that film and came in to speak to Hayley about the challenges of their lives .	There are seven-hundred-thousand young carers in the UK .
Daniel Dion , 59 , died on Saturday near Montreal , a statement by the singer 's spokeswoman said . Ms Dion 's family paid tribute to the father-of-two , calling him `` a gentle and reserved man of many talents '' . Her husband and former manager , Rene Angelil , died on Thursday aged 73 . His death in Las Vegas came after two bouts with throat cancer . Daniel Dion was the eighth of 14 children , and performed with his siblings in their parents ' piano bar in Quebec province . He had been suffering cancer of the throat , tongue and brain , his sister Claudette told the Journal de Montreal newspaper ( in French ) . `` He was ready , and is n't suffering any more , '' she said . `` He was at peace . '' The funeral of Mr Angelil , who helped to launch Celine Dion 's career , will be held on Friday in the Notre Dame basilica in Montreal , where the couple married . Dion recorded 25 studio albums and is the fifth-best-paid recording artist in the world , with a value of some $ 630m ( Â£437m ) . In 1999 , her song My Heart Will Go On , from the soundtrack of the film Titanic , won two Grammy awards .	The older brother of Canadian singer Celine Dion has died of cancer , two days after her husband also died .
The 43-year-old is said to have `` stared aggressively '' after Fateh Kerar , 44 , made a `` smile '' gesture and drove off . Manchester Magistrates Court heard Mr Keane followed him , catching up with him near traffic lights in Ashley Road , Altrincham on 30 January . Mr Keane has pleaded not guilty to a public order offence . He denies giving a ' V ' sign to Mr Kerar before getting out of his vehicle and shouting and waving his arms about . He then got back in his car and driving off . The Republic of Ireland assistant manager is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to Mr Kerar . Police were called on 30 January to a report a man had `` behaved aggressively towards another man '' near traffic lights in Ashley Road , Altrincham . Mr Kerar , from Altrincham , alleges an altercation took place after he and his passenger noticed Mr Keane in his Range Rover .	Ex-Manchester United captain Roy Keane made a two-finger gesture and shouted aggressively after a taxi driver told him to smile , a court heard .
The 40-year-old was sent to the stands after his reaction to Shrimps midfielder Alex Kenyon being shown a red card . Bentley attended a Wembley hearing and was fined , and ordered to pay costs . He will now be forced to watch games against Notts County and Carlisle from the stands .	Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has received a two-match touchline ban after he was sent off in their 2-1 home defeat by Cheltenham .
The 47-year-old took over at Valley Parade in August 2011 and helped the club to promotion from League Two in 2012-13 . He guided the Bantams to the League Cup final in that same year and last season led them to the FA Cup quarter-finals . `` I 'm very proud of my record here so far but I 've been very lucky to receive the backing I 've had from the chairmen and board , '' he told the club website . `` You always need good people around you as a manager , and I think we have a very good team both above me at boardroom level and around me at the training ground . `` We are all still striving to keep improving - that is the key . Hopefully we can continue to do that and make this season a successful one . `` It is a fantastic honour to be the manager of this football club . Every time I drive to the ground for a match day , I always get a feeling of immense pride that I am the manager of Bradford City . '' Parkinson 's assistant Steve Parkin , goalkeeping coach Lee Butler and head of sport science Nick Allamby have also signed new three-year deals . The Bantams are currently 11th in League One with eight points from their first six matches this season .	Bradford City manager Phil Parkinson has signed a new three-year deal .
The 25-year-old wicketkeeper , who was overlooked for England 's squad to face Pakistan in the first Test at Lord 's , was struck by the ball while trying to stop a Luis Reece delivery . He still scored Lancashire 's fastest-ever T20 fifty , off just 20 balls . Lancashire said the injury `` will be managed conservatively '' . The county have not put a timetable on his likely return to action . Lancashire play Derbyshire on Wednesday in the T20 Blast and Buttler could play just as a batsman , with Alex Davies stepping in as wicketkeeper . Buttler hit four sixes and seven fours in his 57 as the holders chased down their 199-run victory target in 18.1 overs at New Road . His match-winning innings came three days after an unbeaten 73 in England 's T20 win over Sri Lanka at the Ageas Bowl .	England 's Jos Buttler sustained a `` small , stable fracture '' of his thumb playing for Lancashire in their T20 Blast win over Worcestershire .
2 November 2016 Last updated at 15:42 GMT Next week , on 8 November , millions of Americans will vote in the presidential election . We took puppet versions of Donald and Hillary to America to find out what kids there really think about them . Read Newsround 's guide to Hillary Clinton here . And click here if you want to find out more about Donald Trump .	Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are both going for one of the most important jobs on the planet , the president of the United States .
Most of the privately-owned concrete huts at Milford-on-Sea were destroyed during the storm , with the rest later requiring demolition . New Forest District Council said the huts had been set into the promenade `` to reduce exposure to the elements '' . The authority said the 119 huts , new promenade and sea wall had cost £2.36m . It said owners had made a `` substantial contribution '' towards the replacement huts and the expenditure of the project would be recouped over time through licence fees .	New beach huts built to replace those lost in the St Valentine 's Day storm on the Hampshire coast in 2014 have been handed to their owners .
Kevin Haggard , from Sunblest Foods in Santa Maria , California , travelled to Dunfermline to throw his pies into the ring . They joined 500 entries of all types of pie supplied by 100 bakers and butchers for the competition 's judging day . The winner will be announced at a gala lunch on 11 January next year . Mr Haggard said : `` I saw an opportunity some years ago now to develop the market for superior meat pies and so I contacted the Pacific Northwest Scottish Society , and I provided pies for a Burns night dinner . `` This is how I was introduced to the Scottish community in Seattle and this allowed me to begin selling pies at the Highland Games . '' He now supplies pies as far afield as Seattle , Chicago , San Francisco , Albuquerque , Salt Lake City , Detroit and Dallas Some of the World Championship categories up for grabs	The World Championship Scotch Pie Awards have had their first ever international entry with a contender from the US .
The 34-year-old has featured in two World Cups and played 121 top-flight matches in seven years at Northampton . Tonga'uiha , who has also played for Bedford and Racing Metro , moves back to England after two seasons with Oyonnax . `` I 'm looking forward to playing in the Premiership again , a hugely competitive league , '' he told the club website . `` Bristol Rugby is a good place to be - there 's a buzz around the place ahead of the new season and I 'm excited to be involved . '' Director of rugby Andy Robinson says Tonga'uiha will `` provide excellent guidance '' for a club that is making its Premiership return after a seven-year absence . `` Soane has a wealth of experience and has proven himself to be a consistent performer at the highest level , '' Robinson added . Bristol , who were drawn in the same Challenge Cup Pool as West Country rivals Bath on Wednesday , have also already added Saints back row Jon Fisher to their squad ahead of the 2016-17 season .	Newly-promoted Bristol have signed Tonga international prop Soane Tonga'uiha from French Top 14 side Oyonnax on a one-year contract .
The new deal sees the removal of a relegation release clause which was included when the 33-year-old joined the Sky Blues on an 18-month contract in January . Manager Mark Robins told the club website that Beavon had impressed . `` Stuart is is a model professional with a tremendous attitude and can play a significant role , '' Robins added . Beavon first made his mark in league football at Wycombe Wanderers and has also played for Preston North End and Burton Albion .	Striker Stuart Beavon has signed a new two-year contract with League Two side Coventry City .
The Scottish national stadium has declared an interest in hosting the Europa League , Super Cup and Women 's Champions League . Proposals must be delivered by 6 June , when the Scottish FA will have to choose one of the three bids to pursue . The recently redeveloped Windsor Park is also bidding to bring the Super Cup final to Belfast . The two grounds are among 10 on the shortlist for the mid-August game between the winners of the previous season 's Champions League and Europa League . Hampden is one of seven stadiums interested in the Europa League final , while there are currently five rivals for the Women 's Champions League decider . The European Cup final has been hosted by Hampden on three occasions - with Real Madrid winning in 1960 and 2002 , and Bayern Munich in 1976 - while it has also twice staged the final of the Cup Winners ' Cup and the 2007 Uefa Cup . Hampden has already been selected as a Euro 2020 venue .	Glasgow 's Hampden Park is in the running to stage one of three major European finals in 2019 .
Officers were called to Bread Street Lane at about 05:00 following reports of concern for a woman . A Police Scotland spokesman said inquiries were ongoing to establish the full circumstances . The force appealed for anyone with information to contact them .	Police have sealed off a lane in Edinburgh city centre as they investigate a late-night incident .
The patient , who has not been named , was flown from Davis Station to Aurora Australis , a nearby icebreaker ship . The ship had left the station two days earlier but turned back , battling through heavy ice to rescue the man . The patient - who is now en route to Hobart , Australia - is said to be in a serious but stable condition . The Aurora Australis will take up to two weeks to reach Hobart , Australian Environment Minister Greg Hunt said . The man 's condition , the details of which have not been revealed , was initially reported to be deteriorating quickly . But Mr Hunt said on Monday that he was stable . `` This is one of our very best expeditioners , '' the environment minister told Australia 's ABC . `` All the signs from the medical reports are saying that it 's stable , but you can never take working in Antarctic operations for granted , '' he said . Davis is a permanent Australian scientific research base . It is home to about 120 people during the summer and 18 in the winter .	An Australian man has been evacuated from the country 's Antarctic ice station by helicopter after suddenly falling seriously ill .
27 March 2016 Last updated at 13:19 BST Events took place on Sunday to mark the commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising .	The 1916 Proclamation of Irish Independence is read by Captain Peter Kelleher from the 27th Infantry Battalion outside the GPO in O'Connell Street .
They will take on Pakistan A in a 50-overs encounter on 15 July at Spytty Park . The county previously played at the Rodney Parade ground between 1936 and 1990 . But Newport CC moved out and the ground , next to the rugby stadium , was re-developed as a school . Spytty Park has already been used for Glamorgan second team and Wales Minor Counties fixtures . Newport was the venue for Glamorgan 's record individual score for many years , as Emrys Davies hit 287 not out against Gloucestershire in 1939 . His score was overtaken by Steve James ' innings of 309 not out against Sussex in Colwyn Bay in 2000 . Remarkably Davies ' score was not the highest in Newport , as England batsman Wally Hammond made 302 for Gloucestershire in the same match . The July date for Glamorgan comes the day after a T20 match away to Hampshire , and could see the county make a number of personnel changes .	Glamorgan will stage their first senior cricket match in Newport for more than a quarter of a century in the summer of 2016 .
The 18-year-old made his debut for the Foxes in the League Cup defeat by Hull City on 27 October . Chilwell is an England Under-20 international and was called into the Under-21 squad for the first time this month . He could make his debut for Huddersfield in Saturday 's trip to Yorkshire rivals Sheffield Wednesday .	Huddersfield Town have signed Leicester City defender Ben Chilwell on loan until 3 January .
The 54-year-old man was seriously hurt in the attack at a house at Manor Court at about 02:10 GMT on Monday . The woman , who is 36 , is due to appear at Craigavon Magistrates ' Court in County Armagh on Wednesday morning . A 21-year-old man who was also arrested in connection with the incident has since been released on bail pending further inquiries .	A woman has been charged with the attempted murder of a man who was stabbed in Moira , County Down .
The 44-year-old Nottingham-born cueman has slipped outside of the top 64 and is in danger of losing his tour status . Hamilton reached the third round of the Welsh Open this week and has shown glimpes of his best form after several years of struggle with a neck injury . `` Mathematically I 'm against it now , but I am playing well , '' he told BBC Sport . Hamilton is ranked number 68 in the world and his provisional ranking is in the 70s . He also seems unlikely to earn a place on tour through one of the eight places on offer through the Order of Merit on the European Tour events . But if does miss out on a tour place , Hamilton , who has been as high as number 10 in the world , has no intention of giving up . `` I would try to get back on because I am playing well again and and I have been feeling fit body-wise since October , '' he said . `` Before October it was almost pointless , but now I can practise a bit . I am too good to be off the tour , in my opinion . `` It will be tough to get back on and I do n't know what I would do next if it does happen . ''	Anthony Hamilton says he will fight to get back on the main snooker tour if he loses his place at the end of the current season in May .
At its height , 45 firefighters tackled the incident at Siteserv , Llandow Industrial Estate , near Cowbridge , which started on Tuesday at 19:20 GMT . Now , crews are removing refuse and continuing to damp down the site , said South Wales Fire and Rescue Service . It is thought they could remain at the scene for about a week . Siteserv , which employs around 200 people , was set up more than 16 years ago by brothers Nigel and Philip England . Earlier this week the company said it was working with investigators to help identify the cause of the fire . The fire involved about 1,000 tonnes of mixed household waste . Crews using two fire engines and a specialist aerial ladder are working at the site .	Firefighters remain at the scene of a Vale of Glamorgan recycling plant four days after it was devastated by a large blaze .
Sainsbury 's , which has been running the promotion since 2011 , will end it in three weeks ' time . It says it will use the money saved to cut prices on basics . Increasingly shoppers buy little and often , which means fewer baskets contain the 10 items needed to qualify for Brand Match . Earlier on Thursday , the Co-op credited the `` little and often '' method for its growing sales . The Co-op has 2,800 stores , more than double that of Sainsbury 's . This is the second change in promotional strategy from Sainsbury 's this year . Earlier this year , it announced it would stop multi-buy deals , saying customers found these caused `` logistical challenges at home in terms of storage and waste '' . Sainsbury 's is following a trend among its rivals , who are all facing fierce competition from the fast-growing discounters , Aldi and Lidl . Morrisons last year stopped the price-matching element of its loyalty card scheme and Asda has made changes to its scheme . Research also shows that a plethora of special offers and promotions leave shoppers confused .	Supermarket chain Sainsbury 's is to stop running its Brand Match scheme , which gives money back when branded goods are cheaper at rival Asda .
Construction of the mosque , on Boultham Park Road , officially began earlier . Chairman of the Islamic Association Tanweer Ahmed , said the facility which he described as `` long overdue '' , would promote the true message of Islam . He said non-Muslims were also very welcome to visit . Mr Ahmed said : `` It has been 10 years since the project began - we 've been through good times , bad times , disappointment , but the day has finally come . '' He said the mosque would `` engage more actively '' with men , women and particularly with the younger generation of Muslims . The building will provide facilities to pray , a library , funeral preparation room , and space for community activities . Local Muslims have been worshipping at a small former Baptist church since 1981 , and holding Friday prayers at the Grandstand Community Centre . Mr Ahmed said larger premises were needed because the Muslim population of Lincoln had `` grown rapidly '' and there was a `` strong feeling we needed our own place which we could use anytime we wanted . '' There were plans to build a mosque on the site of the former St Matthew 's Church , close to the current site . However , it was destroyed by fire in 2008 . The building on Boultham Park Road is due to open next year .	Work is under way on Lincoln 's first purpose-built mosque , which Muslim leaders say will help bring local communities together .
The directors of the Scottish Championship side have already said they will oppose the move . Supporters group the Queens Trust secured the backing of Dumfries and Galloway Council in order to get the issue discussed . However , it would need to gain significant support from other shareholders for the bid to succeed . The supporters ' organisation has been trying for some time to secure a director or a non-voting seat on the board . It won the backing of the council - which has more than 6,000 shares in the Palmerston Park club - to get the subject on the AGM agenda . The Doonhamers ' directors have made it clear that they intend to vote against the resolution . They recently appointed a liaison officer to improve relations with fans .	A bid by fans for a seat on the board of Queen of the South is to be debated at the club 's annual general meeting .
The 24-year-old appeared for Canada in the recent autumn internationals , including in the North Americans ' defeat by Ireland at Lansdowne Road . The former San Diego Breakers forward has most recently been playing for New Zealand side Manawatu Turbos . Ilnicki will make his ' A ' team debut against Leicester on Monday .	Northampton Saints have signed Canada international prop Jake Ilnicki on a contract until the end of the 2016-17 Premiership season .
Tom Bradshaw missed several chances for the visitors early on , including an effort which hit the home crossbar . However , Bradshaw gave the promotion hopefuls the lead with a penalty following a George Cooper handball . Crewe drew level when Brad Inman nodded in after Semi Ajayi headed on David Fox 's free-kick and the home side held on for a point . Walsall head coach Sean O'Driscoll told BBC WM : Media playback is not supported on this device `` I 'm just really pleased with the level of performance once again . We could 've been out of sight in the first 10 minutes , but that 's a different Crewe side to what you usually see . `` Defensively , we were excellent . Yes I 'm disappointed in the result , in the sense that we did enough to warrant getting more than a point . ''	Crewe extended their unbeaten run to five matches as the relegation battlers held Walsall to a draw .
Baby and adult ashes were mixed together at the crematorium and given back to relatives of the adult . The parents of infants were told there were no ashes . Aberdeen City Council said Pete Leonard had resigned following a period of ill health . The council thanked him for 12 years of service . BBC Scotland revealed in 2013 that no ashes had been offered to the families of infants cremated in Aberdeen over a five-year period . It followed similar revelations about Mortonhall crematorium in Edinburgh , which had been secretly burying baby ashes for decades . A report into the scandal by Dame Elish Angiolini described the practices as `` abhorrent '' .	The director of the department running Aberdeen 's Hazlehead Crematorium which was at the centre of the baby ashes scandal has resigned .
Duffy , 31 , moved to Meadow Lane last summer and made 47 appearances for Kevin Nolan 's side . The central defender scored four goals - his highest tally in a season - as Notts finished 16th in League Two , 10 points above the relegation zone . Notts have not disclosed the length of the contract for Duffy , who is a former Wales international .	Notts County defender Richard Duffy has agreed a new contract with the League Two side .
The Met Office has warned motorists to expect `` difficult driving conditions '' but said the heaviest and most persistent rain is expected to fall on high ground . The warning has been issued from 12:00 GMT on Saturday to 23:55 on Sunday . It follows a warning of icy conditions on Friday morning . The conditions led to a number of accidents on the roads , including on the A467 in Newbridge , Caerphilly county . The weekend rain warning covers Conwy , Denbighshire , Flintshire , Gwynedd , Powys , Wrexham and Ceredigion .	Forecasters have issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for rain over the weekend .
4 December 2015 Last updated at 09:09 GMT Some of the well-known actors from previous Star Wars films are starring in the latest instalment alongside some newer actors . British actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega have been talking about what it 's like being on the set of such a big film . Take a look .	There 's not much longer to go before the latest Star Wars film The Force Awakens is out in cinemas .
Surrey had reached 53-1 off 11 overs when heavy rain , thunder and lightning halted play for more than four hours . The hosts eventually posted 163-6 , with Rory Burns ( 51 not out ) and Jason Roy ( 46 ) the main contributors . Somerset openers Jim Allenby ( 71 ) and Johann Myburgh ( 76 ) helped the visitors to their revised target of 180 with five balls to spare at The Oval . The pair shared a first-wicket stand of 155 as Somerset maintained their 100 % winning start to the competition . Surrey , meanwhile , have lost their first two games in the South Group . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Somerset beat Surrey by eight wickets in a One-Day Cup contest reduced to 24 overs per side because of bad weather .
Queen 's University wanted to create 102 student rooms at Lennoxvale through a mixture of new building and renovation . Residents in the adjacent Sans Souci Park had campaigned against the plan . The planning report said it would harm the character of Malone Conservation Area through inappropriate scale , massing and layout . A second ground for refusal was that the development failed to respect the landscape features of the site and would harm protected trees . A spokesperson for Queen 's University said the development would have represented an investment of Â£7m and would mainly have been aimed at international students . The planners said that while the proposal was `` noteworthy '' in terms of capital investment , it was not considered that outweighed the damage that would be caused if it was permitted . The application is due to be decided by Belfast City Council planning committee next week .	Planners have recommended that a controversial student housing plan for the Malone Road area of south Belfast should not go ahead .
They will be held on a `` challenging 75km single-lap course '' . It is part of the `` ever popular '' Selkirk Mountain Bike Marathon open cycling event on 2 May . A British Cycling spokesman said Selkirk had `` rapidly become the home '' of the championships and had a `` fine reputation for the excellence of its trails '' as well as its infrastructure .	The British Mountain Bike Marathon Championships are returning to the Borders town of Selkirk in May .
Elliot Handley , from Eastleigh , Hampshire , was discovered at a property in The Grove late on 26 May . A post-mortem examination revealed he had suffered multiple blunt force injuries to the head . Simon Bennett , from Dorchester , appeared at Bournemouth Magistrates ' Court and will appear at Winchester Crown Court on Monday . The 43-year-old did not enter a plea and was remanded in custody .	A man charged with murdering a 46-year-old , whose body was found at a flat in Dorchester , has appeared in court .
The Citizens trailed from the 13th minute when Bror Blume shot across Connor Roberts into the top-right corner of the net . The Bangor goalkeeper was kept busy all evening as Lyngby . The Danes finished with 10 men after defender Hallgrimur Jonasson was shown a second yellow card late on , and he will miss the second leg on 6 July . Slovan Bratislava of Slovakia or Armenian side Pyunik await the winners in the second qualifying round .	Bangor City 's Europa League hopes remain alive after a narrow first-leg defeat away to Lyngby BK in Denmark .
Bedeau joined the Shakers in summer after being released by League Two side Leyton Orient . The 17-year-old made his professional debut in November and has since made a further six senior appearances . `` This is such a massive opportunity for me at such a young age , '' he told Championship club Villa 's website . `` I 'm looking forward to taking that opportunity and developing even more at such a big club . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .	Aston Villa have signed teenage Bury defender Jacob Bedeau on a two-and-a-half-year deal , for a fee understood to be around £900,000 including add-ons .
The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and Scottish Ambulance Service were alerted to the incident at about 09:30 . It happened next to the A82 road where it crosses a swing bridge on the west side of the city . The woman was understood to have got herself out of the canal .	Emergency services were called to the Caledonian Canal in Inverness after a woman fell into the water .
Pyke , 19 , is a member of Huddersfield 's Under-21 team and is yet to make a first team appearance for the Championship club . `` He 's got pace , he 's direct and he 's a powerful runner , '' Wrexham manager Dean Keates said . `` He 's on the verge of the first team at Huddersfield so it 's a case of him coming here to get experience . ''	Huddersfield Town striker Rekeil Pyke has joined National League side Wrexham on a month 's loan .
Both events will start on Thursday , 7 July and will feature eight players with one wildcard available for both draws . The finals will take place on Saturday , 9 July ( men 's ) and Sunday , 10 July ( women 's ) . Whiley won the wheelchair doubles last year with partner Yui Kamiji . The doubles events will also be taking place with the entry list to be confirmed later . Men 's : Stephane Houdet ( Fra ) , Joachim Gerard ( Bel ) , Nicolas Peifer ( Fra ) , Gordon Reid ( GBR ) , Shingo Kunieda ( Jpn ) , Gustavo Fernandez ( Arg ) , Stefan Olsson ( Swe ) . Alternates : Maikel Scheffers ( Ned ) , Tom Egberink ( Ned ) , Alfie Hewett ( GBR ) , Marc McCarroll ( GBR ) Women 's : Jiske Griffioen ( Ned ) , Aniek van Koot ( Ned ) , Yui Kamiji ( Jpn ) , Jordanne Whiley ( GBR ) , Sabine Ellerbrock ( Ger ) , Marjolein Buis ( Ned ) , Lucy Shuker ( GBR ) . Alternates : Diede de Groot ( Ned ) , Louise Hunt ( GBR )	Britain 's Jordanne Whiley , Lucy Shuker and Gordon Reid are among the entries for the inaugural Wheelchair Singles events at Wimbledon .
A grand jury in Louisiana indicted Derrick Stafford and Norris Greenhouse Jr on second-degree murder charges over the death of Jeremy Mardis . The two men opened fire on the car during a traffic stop in Marksville , Louisiana , after a police chase . The charges come as a national debate rages over police use of deadly force . It was not clear why the police were in pursuit of Jeremy 's father , Chris Few , who was not armed . The indictment , delivered on Thursday by a grand jury , charges Mr Stafford , 32 , and Mr Greenhouse Jr , 23 , with one count each of second-degree murder and attempted second-degree murder . Police have said the two men fired 18 rounds into the car , severely injuring Mr Few and killing his son . Another police officer who was present when it happened told investigators he had not fired his own weapon because `` he did n't fear for his life '' , according to court documents .	Two US police officers have been charged with the murder of a six-year-old boy who was shot and killed while travelling in his father 's car .
Game of Thrones were the night 's big winners , with 12 awards in total .	Here is a list of the key winners of this year 's Emmy awards , which were held in Los Angeles on Sunday .
Sophie Butler , 20 , of Bromley Court , Hanley , was charged late on Sunday night , Staffordshire Police said . Officers were called to Bromley Court on Saturday afternoon and arrested a woman . A post-mortem examination on the man 's body was expected to take place . Magistrates remanded Ms Butler in custody to appear at Stafford Crown Court on 3 June .	A woman has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a house in Stoke-on-Trent .
The baccalaureate exams were taken by half a million secondary school students earlier this week . Police say leaked questions were posted on social media forums , while answers were sent to students on their mobile phones as they sat the exams . The cheating first came to light when answers to a maths paper were leaked online . The exam will now be re-sat . Officials say that 57 people have been arrested in 15 towns across the kingdom in the cash-for-answers scandal . The Medias 24 website reported that two pages of an exam paper were even posted on Facebook the night before the test .	More than 50 people have been arrested across Morocco accused of selling answers to exams , police say .
Whittle , who has signed a one-year-deal , made seven appearances for the National League outfit last season . Rooney , 19 , played 14 games for Dunfermline after joining them in 2015 . City were relegated to the National League at the end of the 2015-16 season , finishing bottom of the League Two table with just seven victories . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	York City have signed defender Alex Whittle and right-back Shaun Rooney from Southport and Dunfermline Athletic respectively .
Writing on the Daily Beast website , Bishop Robinson said he was `` forever grateful '' to Mark Andrew and that details of their split were private . The pair were married in a civil ceremony in 2003 . Gene Robinson 's ordination as a bishop of the New Hampshire diocese in 2003 divided the global Anglican communion . In the US , hundreds of parishes broke away from the Episcopal Church - the US branch of Anglicanism - in protest , forming a new Anglican Church in North America . The bishop became a symbol of the LGBT rights movement and an advocate for equal marriage . In his letter , Bishop Robinson , who retired in 2012 , said it was `` a small comfort '' to know that gay and lesbian couples `` are subject to the same complications and hardships that afflict marriages between heterosexual couples '' . `` My belief in marriage is undiminished by the reality of divorcing someone I have loved for a very long time , and will continue to love even as we separate , '' he said . `` Love can endure , even if a marriage can not . '' Bishop Robinson , 66 , had previously been married to a woman with whom he had two children . They divorced amicably in 1985 over his sexuality .	Gene Robinson , the first openly gay bishop in the US Episcopal Church , has announced he is divorcing his partner of 25 years .
Work to conserve the kiln at Newport Memorial Hall has unearthed what could be a second kiln , and the pieces of pots and jugs , some glazed . Some have the potter 's thumb print , from men who worked at the site more than 500 years ago . Archaeologist Nick Taverner , said he had recovered more in 10 days than in a 40-year career in the field . The team has appealed for volunteers to help wash , mark and sort the pottery by hand , to attend the hall between 10:00 BST and 12:30 on Monday mornings . It is also waiting to fully excavate what could be the lost medieval kiln documented by archaeologist Sir Mortimer Wheeler in 1921 . The group added it is emerging that Newport had a `` substantial pottery industry '' some 500 years ago and it hopes to discover how far this forgotten pottery travelled and piece together medieval life in Pembrokeshire .	Archaeologists have found 10,000 pieces of medieval pottery at a site in Pembrokeshire .
The allegations were made at the Historical Institutional Abuse ( HIA ) inquiry sitting in Banbridge on Monday . However , staff who worked at Lissue Hospital in Lisburn have denied that such means of restraint were used . The HIA is examining claims that children in psychiatric care were sexually and physically abused . It heard that a psychiatric in-patient unit for children opened in 1971 at the County Antrim hospital . The inquiry was told that some of the children being cared for were chronically disabled . Allegations of abuse have been made against some staff members and some other child residents . To date , no-one who worked at Lissue , has been prosecuted . The HIA inquiry is investigating abuse in religious and state-run institutions dating from 1922 to 1995 . HIA chairman , the retired senior High Court judge Sir Anthony Hart , is due to submit his report to the Northern Ireland Executive by 17 January 2017 .	An inquiry has heard claims that chronically disabled children at a state-run hospital were put into strait jackets .
The Black Hawk crashed in Marib Province , east of the capital Sanaa . The Yemen defence ministry 's news website said the helicopter had `` misread '' the air defence system , which `` resulted in the destruction of the aircraft before it landed '' . But Saudi Arabia says it is too early to tell what caused the crash and it is still investigating . The Saudi-led coalition has been fighting in support of the government against Houthi rebels for two years . The crash victims included several officers , reports said . It is one of the deadliest incidents involving forces from the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen . In 2015 , a rebel missile strike on a coalition base in Marib killed 67 coalition soldiers , most of them from the UAE . Last month , the Houthis claimed that they shot down a Saudi Apache helicopter over the Red Sea port of Hudaydah , which they control . More than 7,600 people have been killed and 42,000 injured since the conflict began , the majority in air strikes by the Saudi-led coalition backing President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi , who was ousted from Sanaa in February 2015 . The conflict and a blockade imposed by the coalition have also triggered a humanitarian disaster , leaving 70 % of the population in need of aid .	A military helicopter crash in Yemen that killed 12 Saudi soldiers was reportedly caused by friendly fire .
Glasgow City Council took the decision following health and safety fears over the stability of the roof and the glazing in the gardens . The Winter Gardens are expected to be closed for a number of weeks following an initial assessment . No-one was injured in the incident and a full investigation will take place . Plans have been put in place to re-open the People 's Palace museum independently of the Winter Gardens as soon as possible . A spokesman for Glasgow City Council said : `` It is unfortunate that we have had to close the Winter Gardens so unexpectedly but the safety of our staff and the public must be our priority . `` Until we have a more accurate picture of the condition of the structure I 'm afraid the Winter Gardens will remain closed . We understand that this is a disappointing situation especially for those who have bookings with the venue and we will make every effort to help find these clients an alternative venue . ''	The People 's Palace museum and Winter Gardens in Glasgow have been closed to the public until further notice after a glass roof panel fell .
22 June 2016 Last updated at 10:02 BST Tomorrow 's vote could mean big changes for people living in the UK and in other EU countries . Ricky visited a school who are debating whether to stay in or leave the EU .	Today is the last day for people to decide if they think the UK should remain in , or leave , the group of 28 countries called the European Union .
Stefan Jacoby , 54 , is handing the reins over to Jan Gurander , the chief financial officer , who will serve as the acting chief executive . The Zhejiang Geely owned Volvo has admitted that it is struggling to build up its retail operation in China . Volvo cars are currently imported to China from factories overseas . Volvo has high hopes that China will account for about a quarter of its global sales by 2020 . Last year the automotive manufacturer sold almost 450,000 cars across the world , but wants that to increase to 800,000 by 2020 . Stefan Jacoby has been the chief executive at Volvo since August 2010 , joining the company after being the president and chief executive of Volkswagen 's American arm . `` I was lucky that it was a mild stroke , '' Jacoby said , `` I am currently experiencing limited movement abilities in my right arm and , to some extent , also in my right leg . '' He is determined to return to work soon . `` Now I will focus on resting and exercising , in order to get back to work as soon as possible , '' he said . The iconic Swedish car brand was bought in 2010 by the Chinese carmaker Zhejiang Geely Holding Group for $ 1.8bn , from Ford Motor Company .	The chief executive of the Chinese owned car company Volvo is temporarily standing down from his post for a month , after suffering a mild stroke .
Collins rose from Aberavon 's ranks to make his international debut as Wales won 9-3 against Australia in 1958 . His sprinting prowess was also evident on the track , in which he won the Welsh 440 yards title in 1952 in 51.7 seconds . Collins also became the Wizards ' first post-World War Two Barbarian , playing for them in 1959 . He also played for a combined Neath-Aberavon team against South Africa in 1961 .	Ten-times-capped Wales wing John Collins , a try-scorer on his Test debut , has died at the age of 86 .
`` I canny change the laws of physics , but I can try and return stolen property and solve crimes . '' PSNI Foyle 's Facebook page posted , Scotty style . The cards from the hit sci-fi series were stolen last Tuesday . They are galactic treasure for Trekky fans . They range in price from Â£1 to a couple of hundred pounds on online auction sites . In their post , police used a number of fans ' favourite quotes including : `` The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few , or the one '' and `` Live long and prosper '' . Police in Derry achieved success with a similar post when they appealed for the safe return of a stolen dog , called Pixie .	Police in Londonderry are on a mission to boldly go and track down about 3,800 Star Trek trading cards of `` quite a high value '' .
Lewis Grassic Gibbon 's classic tale stars Peter Mullan and former model Agyness Deyn as Chris Guthrie . It was shot on locations in Aberdeenshire last year , as well as New Zealand . Director Terence Davies shot interior scenes in Luxembourg , the location of one of the film 's major backers . Sunset Song , published in 1932 , follows a farming family struggling to eke out a living in north east Scotland in the years leading up to World War One . It was the first in the author 's `` A Scots Quair '' trilogy . The BBC turned the book into a TV series in 1971 . In 2005 Sunset Song was named the `` Best Scottish Book of All Time '' at the Edinburgh International Book Festival . The Toronto Film Festival runs from the 10 to 20 September .	A film adaptation of one of Scotland 's most loved novels - Sunset Song - is to get its premiere at the Toronto Film Festival in September .
Suffolk police has recovered the original case files relating to Kesgrave Hall and is contacting people who claimed to have been abused . No charges were brought as a result of the investigation in 1992 . Kesgrave Hall , a privately-owned school near Ipswich for pupils with behavioural problems , closed in 1993 . Children were placed there by local education authorities . An allegation of mistreatment at the school was made to police earlier this month . `` Suffolk Police have now begun an investigation into other complaints of abuse , '' a police spokesperson said . `` We are now in the process of contacting those who alleged abuse as part of the original investigation to ensure that we have captured all relevant complaints and a full and thorough investigation can be carried out . '' The allegations dated back to the 1980s and 1990s .	An investigation into complaints of abuse at a former Suffolk boarding school has reopened , 20 years after the initial inquiry .
Signage at the station was warning people certain services were already very busy before they arrive there and alternative transport may be needed . Operators London Midland said the firm could not just put more trains on . It said there `` are n't enough diesel trains left in the country to meet the demand that we 're seeing '' . Spokesman Francis Thomas added : `` So rather than leave people stranded we felt this was the right thing to do . `` The good news next year is the line to Bromsgrove gets electrified and three extra trains an hour will run on that route . '' Sarah Wooledge tried to get on a train on Wednesday , but had to get a bus and missed her connection to London . She said : `` Unfortunately we were told that the train was full from Hereford and they had lots of problems and could n't fit us on . `` So we had to get a bus to Longbridge and then from Longbridge a train up into New Street . ''	Rail passengers going from Bromsgrove to Birmingham this week face using a replacement bus service due to a trains shortage and a busy Easter break .
Sir Nicholas Soames made the outburst at Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh during a statement by the Foreign Secretary on US immigration policy . Sir Nicholas said he offered the `` friendly canine salute '' because he felt she `` snapped '' at Boris Johnson . But he apologised after she complained the noises were `` extremely disrespectful '' . Ms Ahmed-Sheikh , the SNP Westminster spokeswoman for trade and investment , raised a point of order with House of Commons Speaker John Bercow after the comment . She said : `` I understand that Sir Nicholas , who has always afforded me courtesy and respect , was making sort of 'woof woof'-sounding noises to what I was saying , which I find of course extremely disrespectful . '' Asked to set the record straight , Sir Nicholas , a grandson of Sir Winston Churchill , said : `` I thought that in her question to the Foreign Secretary she snapped at him a bit at the end , so I offered her a friendly canine salute in return . `` No offence was intended and I apologise to the Honourable Lady if she was offended . ''	A Tory MP has apologised to an SNP colleague for making a `` woof '' noise at her in the House of Commons .
John Smith , who competes in the T54 classification , said the chair was taken from his van outside his home in Kent . Mr Smith posted an appeal on his Facebook page for its return . Kent Police said it was investigating the theft , outside the house in West Kingsdown near Sevenoaks . `` The wheelchair had been stored inside a locked van , '' the force said . `` There was no reported damage to the van and enquiries into the theft are ongoing . '' Mr Smith said that unless the chair is returned he will not be able to compete in the games in September , as there is no time for a replacement to be built . `` The chair has no scrap value and can not be used by other people as it was custom built for me , '' he said . The chair is said to be worth Â£5,000 .	A para-athlete fears his chance to race in the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games is over after his specialist wheelchair was stolen .
The app is being released ahead of the Euro 2016 football tournament , which starts on Friday . It will alert geo-located users `` in case of a suspected attack '' , the interior ministry said in a statement ( in French ) . The government said the app was developed after November 's attacks in Paris . which killed 130 people . On Tuesday , the British Foreign Office warned that stadiums , fan zones and transport hubs were possible targets for attack during the football tournament . Users will be able to sign up to receive alerts in up to eight different `` geographical zones '' in addition to their present location . Alerts will offer a brief description of what has happened as well as advice on how to stay safe . They will not cause the phone to vibrate or emit any sound in order to ensure that anyone hiding at the site of an attack does not alert the attackers , Metro News reported . The government has stressed that users ' privacy will be protected . Later versions of the app will also alert users to other types of emergencies beyond attacks , including floods and industrial accidents , officials said . It is available to download for phones running both iOS and Android operating systems .	The French government has released a mobile phone app to alert the public in the event of a terrorist attack .
Police said the body was found by a member of the public at the rear of properties on Vernon Court in Keighley at about 15:55 BST on Sunday . Det Ch Insp Steve Snow said : `` A post-mortem examination has been completed and has confirmed this death was not suspicious . `` This appears to have been a tragic accident . '' A file is to be passed to the coroner for further investigation , said police . The woman had lived locally and was believed to have been in her 60s .	The discovery of a woman 's body in bushes is not being treated as suspicious , said West Yorkshire Police .
The incident happened on Toll Road at its junction with North Approach Road , Kincardine about 20:30 on Friday . Part of the road had been closed to allow a wide load vehicle to pass through safely . The 46-year-old road worker was assaulted following a row with a driver of a dark coloured vehicle . The driver is about 5ft 7ins and of skinny build . He spoke with an English accent . He was wearing a grey hat and a black jacket .	A road worker has been punched in the face by a driver in Fife .
`` We currently suspect Mastercard is artificially raising the costs of card payments , '' said the EU statement . Those fees harm consumers and retailers in the EU , competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager said . The credit card company said it was `` working with the European Commission on the issue '' and was preparing a formal response . `` Throughout this procedure we have kept the needs of both consumers and merchants in mind , '' Mastercard said . The EU is focusing on what is known as 'interchange fees ' - the fees retailers pay banks to process card payments . Officials say they are concerned that Mastercard violates competition rules by requiring retailers to pay artificially inflated fees to process credit card transactions . They say this practice leads to higher prices for retailers in the EU , which they then pass on to consumers . The charges from the EU are part of a long-running investigation . The maximum fine that the EU can impose for antitrust infringements is 10 % of the company 's annual sales , according to the EU . A separate investigation into Visa 's interchange fees is also being carried out by the EU .	European Union officials have accused Mastercard of overcharging consumers with the fees the company charges .
The Seasiders lost 5-0 on their European debut in the first leg in Sweden , before succumbing 2-1 in Thursday 's home leg . Martin Smedberg-Dalence and Victor Sköld scored either side of half-time for IFK before Danny Hughes ' goal . Llandudno begin their 2016-17 Welsh Premier League season at Rhyl on 14 August .	MBi Llandudno exited the Europa League in the first qualifying round after a 7-1 aggregate defeat by IFK Goteborg .
The football association have replaced him with Frenchman Auguste Raux . He returns for a third spell after leading the side for two matches in 2003 , and again from 2012 to 2015 . The loss leaves the island nation bottom Group B with just two points from five qualifiers so far and with no chance of reaching the finals in Gabon . Raux 's first task will be to lead Madagascar at the Southern African regional championship the Cosafa Cup which starts on Saturday . His side face Zimbabwe , Swaziland and Seychelles in a preliminary pool , with only the group winners advancing to the quarter-finals . Madagascar are also out of the 2018 World Cup qualifiers , beaten 5-2 on aggregate by Senegal last November .	Madagascar have sacked national coach Franck Rajaonarisamba after a 6-1 loss at home to DR Congo in a 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier on Sunday .
The University and College Union ( UCU ) balloted 292 members last month , who voted in favour of industrial action over 75 potential job cuts . The UCU said it had now called off the dispute after the university increased voluntary redundancies and reduced the number of jobs to be axed . The university , based at Guildford , said it had reached the required staff cuts without compulsory redundancies . Students feared the job cuts threatened the university 's politics department . Campaign group Save Surrey 's Politics Department said it would now lose four lecturers instead of nine and the postgraduate politics courses would continue . `` We feel both happy and sad , '' the students said in a statement on Facebook . `` Happy because the politics department is staying , sad because we see four incredible lecturers/professors leaving . '' As well as politics , jobs are to go in arts and music , electronic engineering , bioscience and computing . UCU spokesman Michael Moran thanked students for their support during the dispute . `` This is a very good outcome for everyone , '' he said . `` Strike action is always a last resort and we are delighted that we have managed to reach a settlement without the need for any disruption . '' The university said it would continue to have constructive discussions to implement staff changes .	A strike threat over job cuts at the University of Surrey has been lifted .
The Land Registry said that Slough , where the trains will stop , saw a 19 % rise in prices in the year to February , the biggest increase in the country . The Elizabeth Line , as it has been named , will also run through Hillingdon , where property prices jumped 17.1 % . To the east of London , prices rose by 16.9 % in Havering , also on the line . Other nearby local authority areas also saw big increases , including Thurrock , where the figure was 17.2 % , and Barking and Dagenham , which saw a 16 % rise . In Slough , made famous by Sir John Betjeman 's poem about the town , as well as the sitcom The Office , prices jumped by 2.1 % between January and February alone . The Elizabeth Line is due to open between Liverpool Street and Shenfield in May next year . However full services through to Reading will not operate until December 2019 . Across England and Wales as a whole , house prices went up by 6.1 % in the year to February , bringing the average price of a house or flat to Â£190,275 .	Crossrail - the new train line across London - appears to be boosting house prices , at least a year before opening .
Championship side QPR will host League One Swindon at Loftus Road in August . The Robins won 2-0 at QPR in round two in 2013-14 , starting a run of seven wins in 11 games , and Williams knows a similar result could lift his squad . `` A game like that can turn your fortunes for you and give people that extra bit of belief and confidence , '' Williams told BBC Wiltshire . `` It is a good situation to be in . You 're not really expected to win , but you can certainly give everything . `` It 's a freebie , if you like . If we did ( win ) , people would consider it a big achievement . We can certainly look forward to that one . '' Swindon , winners of the League Cup in 1969 , lost 2-1 at home to Exeter in the first round last season .	Swindon Town boss Luke Williams says an EFL Cup first-round visit to Queens Park Rangers can give his squad belief .
The 28-year-old had been scheduled to join up with Yorkshire at the end of May but suffered the injury playing for Mumbai Indians against Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League . Finch scored 291 runs in five County Championship games for Yorkshire last summer . Meanwhile , seamer Ryan Sidebottom is likely to be out for six weeks . The 37-year-old injured his calf in the opening victory over Worcestershire last week . `` It is disappointing news for Aaron and for us . We were hoping he would be with us in May , but that is not going to happen , '' said director of cricket Martyn Moxon . `` Plans are in place to fill the void that Aaron will leave . We hope we can get this sorted sooner rather than later , and remain confident we 'll find a replacement for the County Championship and the T20 Blast . ''	Australia batsman Aaron Finch has been ruled out for three months after having surgery on his left hamstring .
Defender Sol Bamba opened the scoring with a superb 25-yard volley yards after Wolves failed to clear a cross . Toumani Diagouraga doubled the lead from 15 yards before George Saville gave the visitors hope with a low effort from the edge of the area . Media playback is not supported on this device Jordan Botaka then hit the crossbar for Leeds , while Marco Silvestri denied Wolves substitute Joe Mason late on . Earlier , Chris Wood had four first-half chances to score for the home side , coming closest when he hit the post with a shot from 18 yards . It is the second time this season that Steve Evans ' Leeds have registered three consecutive Championship victories , while Wolves have won only three of their past 17 league games . Leeds United head coach Steve Evans : `` I thought the second half was quite stunning . This is a Wolves team that are very well organised under a top manager . They do n't concede chances let alone goals , yet if we 'd scored seven in the second half it might have been deserved . `` But Leeds being Leeds we concede late and have to rely on a big save from our goalkeeper , the one thing he 's possibly had to do all evening . `` I 'm delighted . It 's three good wins against quality clubs . ''	Leeds claimed their third successive league win as two second-half goals defeated fellow mid-table Wolves .
Paul Pike , 23 , was killed as he waited in his red van at traffic lights at the junction of Crosby Road North and South Road on 5 June 2010 . Police said a silver Audi TT , stolen in Hawarden , North Wales , then turned around and further shots were fired . The car was found abandoned and burnt out a short time later in Fairfield , a street off Endbutt Lane . Det Supt Neil Bickley said there have been a number of arrests in the last six years , but police are still keen to talk to any witnesses . `` The offer of the reward could be strong incentive for someone with knows who is responsible for Paul 's murder , which has caused a great deal of pain and suffering to his loved ones , to do the right thing and come forward , '' he said .	A £10,000 reward is being offered to find the killers of a man shot dead in Merseyside six years ago .
Mark Murray from St Asaph will instead have to pay 1,700 euros - nearly Â£1,500 - in legal fees . He went to Italy last year to face Father Romano Nardo , who taught him in Yorkshire in the late 1960s and told him the impact he had on his life . The encounter was filmed by Italian newspaper La Repubblica and posted online . In the film , the priest can be seen sinking to his knees and begging forgiveness . Mr Murray was summoned to court in Verona earlier this year over the encounter and a hearing took place last week in his absence . The judge found Mr Murray had not persecuted Father Nardo and his behaviour was not considered criminal - the case was dropped but Mr Murray will have to pay legal fees . He is one of 11 men who settled out of court with the Comboni Order , formerly the Verona Fathers , for alleged abuse suffered during the 1960s and 1970s at Mirfield in Yorkshire , where he was studying to be a priest . The settlements were not an acknowledgement of guilt by the Church .	A man from Denbighshire who was accused of harassing a Catholic priest who he claimed abused him will not face trial .
The 24-year-old , who came through the Rams youth system , started all four of Republic of Ireland 's Euro 2016 games . Hendrick has two years left on his current contract at the iPro Stadium after signing a four-year deal in 2014 . He has made 210 appearances for the Championship club , scoring 27 goals , since making his debut in April 2011 .	Derby County have rejected a £3m bid for midfielder Jeff Hendrick from Premier League side Burnley , BBC Radio Derby understands .
The city 's signature parade will be held under tight security following the attacks in Paris on 13 November . But officials have urged residents and tourists to attend , saying there are no credible threats . Around 50 million people worldwide are expected to watch the televised event , now in its 89th year . `` I encourage people to come out . This is a way to push back on events around the world that are meant to intimidate , '' Police Commissioner William Bratton told a press conference . But the New York Police Department is ramping up security by having around 200 officers from a new counter-terrorism unit on patrol , officials said . The city 's mayor , Bill de Blasio , said the police department had been `` fine-tuning '' its response to a possible terrorist attack - but told people not to give in to `` psychological warfare '' . `` I think people are coming here from all over the city , all over the metropolitan region , all over the country to be a part of this parade , '' he said . `` We can not let the terrorists succeed at psychological warfare . They 're doing what they do to try and create fear , to try and change us . ''	A record number of police officers will patrol New York 's annual Thanksgiving Day parade on Thursday , with 3.5 million people expected to attend .
Mr Keiller will take over from Crawford Gillies at the economic development agency in January . It was announced last month that Mr Keiller was to retire as Wood Group chief executive officer . Scottish Enterprise chief executive Dr Lena Wilson said he had a `` wealth of leadership and business experience '' . Dr Wilson added : `` I would like to take this opportunity to thank Crawford Gillies for his commitment and leadership over what has been nearly seven years . ''	Scottish Enterprise has named its new chairman as Bob Keiller , who is retiring from oil services firm Wood Group .
Peter Whittingham , Rickie Lambert and Emyr Huws have already left the Championship side . Wingers Craig Noone and Anthony Pilkington , plus left-back Declan John could also be surplus to requirements at Cardiff City Stadium . `` There 's players who wo n't be here at the start of the season , '' Warnock confirmed . `` Fans might guess without me telling them really . I do n't envisage going with more than about 21 or 22 players this year . '' Pilkington scored the winner in Friday 's pre-season friendly against Taffs Well in which four of the club 's new arrivals made their Cardiff debuts . Winger Nathaniel Mendez-Laing , goalkeeper Neil Etheridge , striker Danny Ward and midfielder Loic Damour all had a run-out against the Welsh League Division One side in a game that doubled as a charity event . `` Thanks to all the fans because it was a super night , '' Warnock added . `` I 'm pleased for our lads as well , because when you 're a pro and you come to a non-league club like Taffs Well you could get a wrong attitude . `` If you get a wrong attitude that 's when you get injured , so I was pleased with our lads and it was a great night all round . ''	Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will trim his squad further before the new season begins .
The visitors did well to compete with high-flying Burton , before Hamza Choudhury received a second yellow card for a late tackle . Bury quickly capitalised and led through substitute Ryan Lowe 's header from Dan Gardner 's cross . Burton pushed numbers forward and were rewarded when substitute Tyler Walker scored his first goal for the club with a back-heel to equalise in injury time . It was only the second goal as a professional for on-loan Walker , the son of former England defender Des . Burton dropped to second place , a point behind Wigan , who were 5-1 winners away at Shrewsbury , while Bury are 10 points clear of the relegation zone . Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough told BBC Radio Derby : Media playback is not supported on this device `` It feels like a win . I know it 's not but we feel as though we should have won over the course of the game . `` Up to the sending off we pressed , we tried and we created chances . It 's just one would n't drop for us . It seemed as though we were going to get nothing from the game until the last few minutes . `` It 's an incredible point in the circumstances and we think it could be a very important one . ''	Ten-man Burton scored a late equaliser in an action-packed game against Bury .
They joined Merthyr and Swansea in confirming their rise to Welsh rugby 's second tier with a 17-8 win over Pontypool . There is no relegation from the Premiership this season . Pontypool hope to be among the four teams going up to a division from which there will be no relegation for the next three seasons .	Bargoed have been promoted to the expanded Welsh Premiership for next season .
Up to 4,000 customers of loan sites Quick Quid and Pounds to Pocket will be refunded an average of £425 each . The parent company , CashEuroNet , will pay out a total of £1.7m , according to the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) . Following an investigation , it was found that some customers were lent sums that they could not afford to repay . Last week , Dollar Financial , the owner of The Money Shop , agreed to pay £15m to 147,000 customers , for a similar reason . `` It is important that firms carry out appropriate affordability checks , and pay particular attention to fair treatment of those who have trouble meeting their loan repayments , '' said Jonathan Davidson , director of supervision , retail and authorisations at the FCA . The company has now made changes to its lending criteria . Customers affected need to take no action , and should be contacted by the company within the next three months .	A payday loan company has agreed to refund thousands of customers who took out loans they could not afford .
The 21-year-old started at Abercrave RFC and made his debut for his home region in 2014 , only to suffer an injury that kept him out of Ospreys action until the 2016/17 season . `` It 's been great this year to get some game time in the Anglo Welsh and then through to the Pro12 , '' Price said . `` Now I 'm looking forward to next season and trying to kick on from there . '' Sam Davies , Justin Tipuric , Dan Baker , Hanno Dirksen , Dan Lydiate ( on a national dual contract ) , Joe Thomas and Brian Mujati have all signed new deals with the Welsh region for next season , while Wales backs Cory Allen and James Hook have been confirmed as additions to the squad for 2017/18 .	Fly-half Luke Price has signed his first professional contract with the Ospreys .
David Wilson , 49 , was found dead at an address in the city 's Southwick Road just after 11:00 GMT on 14 December . At the time , police said Mr Wilson had been the victim of a `` violent attack '' . Daniel Johnson , 20 , formerly of Morris Street , Gateshead , has been charged with murder and is due in court on Tuesday , Northumbria Police said . A 34-year-old man who was earlier arrested on suspicion of murder has been released with no further action .	A man has been charged with murder more than 18 months after the body of another man was found at a flat in Sunderland .
The fire that broke out on 16 July at the Nasfat Islamic Centre building on Droylsden Road , Newton Heath , was being treated as a `` hate crime '' , Greater Manchester Police said . A force spokesman said a man had approached the premises that evening and forced open a window before placing an `` unknown accelerant '' inside . The arrested 23-year-old has been released under investigation . The fire , which was discovered at about 23:40 BST by officers on patrol , damaged a prayer room and three classrooms . Det Ch Insp Paul Walker said officers were `` still working hard to establish the full circumstances around the arson attack '' .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of arson over an attack on a mosque .
Kieran Phillips appeared at Perth Sheriff Court after an incident which saw armed police called to a hostel in Perth city centre on Thursday . The 19-year-old is charged with assaulting seven named officers by throwing items including a fridge and a sink out of a window at them . He made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody . Mr Phillips is alleged to have shown `` utter disregard for the safety of the public '' by smashing a window at Greyfriars Hostel and showering the street below with glass . That charge alleges he threw broken sink parts , glass and a fridge out of the window . He is further alleged to have destroyed furniture by smashing a sink and causing flooding to his room and the rooms below , as well as destroying electrical fittings . The teenager also faces a charge of breaching the peace by shouting , swearing and threatening people including himself , and a further allegation of ripping an electric cable from a CCTV camera at Perth Police station . Sheriff David Young continued the case for further examination .	A teenager has appeared in court charged with attacking police officers with a fridge and a kitchen sink .
It has already agreed in principle to support the move by the Queens Trust . The group needs the local authority to use its shareholding in the Dumfries club to get the issue discussed at its annual general meeting . The supporter organisation hopes to secure a director 's role or a place as a non-voting member of the board at the Scottish Championship side . The Dumfries common good sub-committee is being asked to back a resolution being taken to the club 's AGM . The club has said that its door is `` always open '' for an `` open and honest dialogue '' with fans . It has also appointed a supporter liaison officer to improve the relationship between fans and directors .	Dumfries and Galloway Council is being asked to back a fans ' bid to get a seat on the board at Queen of the South .
Wendy Bell and Amanda Carroll were sentenced with four others at Bradford Crown Court for the fraud against 92-year-old widow Audrey Hammond . The pair overcharged Mrs Hammond for her home care . Bell , 57 , from Cullingworth , was jailed for three years and six months . Carroll , 44 , of Shipley , was sentenced to three years and five months . Bell 's daughter , Lisa Bell , 30 , Linda Mynott , 60 , and Alice Barker , 59 , all received suspended jail sentences . A sixth carer , Caron Gilbert , 33 , was handed a 12-month community order . Judge Colin Burn told said the overcharging was `` so excessive that it must have been dishonest '' . `` There could be , in the crown 's case , no other explanation , '' he said . Wendy Bell and Carroll played a leading role in the fraud of Ms Hammond , of Cracoe in Skipton , North Yorkshire , the judge added . He said : `` You must take the central responsibility for a scheme which exposed Mrs Hammond , wealthy though she was , to massive financial loss resulting from blatant dishonesty . ''	Two carers have been jailed for defrauding an elderly woman with Parkinson 's disease out of £500,000 .
The fixed penalty for dog fouling currently stands at £40 but from 1 April it will be raised to £80 . The measure was said to be supported by 63 % of people asked in a YouGov poll by Keep Scotland Beautiful . Community safety minister Paul Wheelhouse said : `` We believe the increased penalty will act as a greater deterrent for people who do not take responsibility for their pets . '' The Scottish government said it was also working with councils to consider how more unpaid penalties could be collected . Mr Wheelhouse added : `` Dog fouling is not only unpleasant , it can also pose potentially significant risks to health , particularly to children . `` We are clear that dog owners who do not clear up after their pets are breaking the law . Derek Robertson , the chief executive of Keep Scotland Beautiful , said the increased fine sent a `` clear message '' to dog owners . He added : `` However , increased fines form only part of the solution and that is why we have called for national leadership and a more strategic integrated and coordinated approach to conserve and improve Scotland 's local environmental quality . '' The new penalties carry exemptions for blind people in charge of their guide dog and disabled people with physical impairments which affect their ability to lift or carry everyday objects .	Fines for dog owners who fail to pick up after their pets are set to double .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 12 June 2015 Last updated at 07:23 BST The Football Association 's Â£105 million centre of excellence opened in 2012 , and it is hoped the facility could help turn around the fortunes of the national side . It has 12 world class training pitches , gyms , and even labs where scientists can analyse the performance of players like Wayne Rooney , Harry Kane and Joe Hart . Ricky was invited down to take a look behind the scenes .	St George 's Park National Football Centre in Staffordshire is the state-of-the-art training headquarters of the England football team .
The ex-Soviet Union and Russia keeper , 52 , coached Legia Warsaw to the Polish league and cup double last term before leaving by mutual consent . Leonid Slutsky resigned as Russia coach in June after two defeats at Euro 2016 saw them go out at the group stage . Russia were named as 2018 World Cup hosts by Fifa in 2010 .	Stanislav Cherchesov has been named Russia 's new head coach and given a target of leading the hosts to the 2018 World Cup semi-finals .
The Royal British Legion said there would be a series of events ahead of Remembrance Sunday on 13 November . LLandaff Cathedral in Cardiff is among 30 buildings which were lit up , as well as all Cadw-owned sites across Wales . Antony Metcalfe of the Royal British Legion said it `` was important to remember there 's a new generation that needs your support '' . This comes as the charity asked people to recognise younger veterans and serving soldiers as Remembrance and the poppy were commonly associated with with older , World War Two veterans . Buildings which will be lit up until Remembrance Sunday include Conwy Castle , St Mary 's Cathedral , Wrexham , Aberystwyth Castle and war memorial , the Senedd and City Hall in Cardiff . The charity said this was a mark of respect to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Battle of the Somme and the 4,000 men from The 38th ( Welsh ) Division who were killed or injured at Mametz Wood in World War One .	Historical and landmark buildings across Wales have been lit up red to mark the launch of the Poppy Appeal .
Peter Skinner , 56 , who was Labour MEP for the South East from 1999 to 2014 , was found guilty of three charges after a trial at Southwark Crown Court . Jurors heard he claimed thousands of pounds for support staff over a five-year period which actually funded hotel stays , restaurants and jewellery . Skinner , of Snodland in Kent , will be sentenced on 29 April . The politician also made fraudulent payments of £10,000 a month to his wife from December 2007 until July 2009 , which entitled him to claim secretarial or parliamentary assistance allowance . Skinner , who stood down as an MEP in 2014 , also created a fake letter claiming his father was working for him , to justify his payments of £5,000 every three months , his trial heard . He claimed he had been confused over the rules and blamed a lack of information given to him by the European Parliament . Skinner was found guilty of one count of making a false instrument , one count of fraud and one count of false accounting between 2004 and 2009 . He was cleared of one count of making a false instrument in relation to a form submitted to the European Parliament in 2006 .	An MEP who dishonestly claimed almost £500,000 in expenses has been warned he faces a prison sentence .
Stephen `` Greg '' Fisk was found by his son on Monday , just weeks after taking office . Results of an autopsy are expected within days . Police have dismissed rumours that he was assaulted as `` speculation '' and said there was no evidence of forced entry . Fisk defeated the incumbent , Marrill Sanford , in October 's mayoral elections . The Juneau Police Department said in a statement : `` Detectives are actively investigating facts of the incident , and all evidence is being preserved and documented . '' Police Chief Bryce Johnson told a local newspaper that an attack is `` one of the possibilities out there , but there 's others that could have happened '' . `` There could 've been a fall . There 's lots of things that would cause it . '' Mary Becker has been named acting mayor in light of the 70-year-old 's death . Juneau is the state capital of Alaska and has a population of 32,600 people . `` This was a terrible day for all of Juneau , '' said Jill Ramiel , president of the Downtown Business Association . `` He was never afraid to say what he thought . '' Fisk 's campaign chairman , Bob King , added that `` for that potential to be snuffed out is just a crushing loss '' .	The newly elected mayor of Juneau in Alaska has been found dead in his home and police are investigating the cause .
Colby resident John Donald Collister , 93 , left his estate , valued at £1m , to the Manx nation following his death in 2007 . Director of MNH Edmund Southworth said : `` This gift has the potential to make an enormous difference to heritage on the Isle of Man . '' MNH first became aware it had been mentioned as a beneficiary in 2011 . Mr Southworth said it first heard the news in July when the administrator issued a claim in the High Court seeking the assistance of the court in the interpretation of Mr Collister 's will . He said : `` In may ways he was an ordinary man but this is an extraordinary story . '' Mr Collister , who worked as a painter , served in World War II with the Manx Regiment in Crete and north Africa and then returned to his trade in civilian life . `` History books are all about kings and queens and the ordinary man tends not to appear , but we now have an opportunity to change that , so that Mr Collister will be remembered for what he had done for this island , '' added Mr Southworth . The Manx Museum and National Trust are now seeking views on how to best use the money . Suggestions must focus on Manx heritage and must specifically benefit the people and visitors to the Isle of Man .	Manx National Heritage ( MNH ) has launched a public consultation on how to use its largest ever donation .
The 26-year-old , who became well known as Lady Sybil Crawley , will play Ophelia in the production at the Almeida Theatre in London . Sherlock actor Andrew Scott will play Hamlet in the 400-year-old Shakespeare play while Juliet Stevenson will play Hamlet 's mother Gertrude . Robert Icke will direct the production , which opens in February . Brown Findlay has also previously appeared in Jamaica Inn , Misfits and The Outcast , with film credits including Winter 's Tale and The Riot Club . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Former Downton Abbey actress Jessica Brown Findlay is to appear in a new production of Hamlet .
The teenager suffered head injuries in the attack in Chapel Street Park in Levenshulme , Manchester , on Friday . He is in hospital in a `` serious , but stable '' condition following the attack at 18:00 BST . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said it is thought he was hit with a hammer and appealed for witnesses to get in touch . Det Insp Brian Morley said : `` We are currently trying to piece together exactly what happened and the possible motive behind it . `` A 16-year-old boy has been badly injured with what we believe could be a hammer , but we are still following a number of lines of enquiry . '' He urged anyone who saw anything to get in touch with police .	A 16-year-old boy has been seriously injured in a `` brutal '' hammer attack at a park , police said .
Anderson dismissed Paul Collingwood ( 50 ) and Adam Hickey ( 0 ) on day two as he recovers from a shoulder injury . Scott Borthwick ( 64 ) top-scored as England all-rounder Ben Stokes only made 21 with Durham dismissed for 291 , a first-innings lead of 87 . Haseeb Hameed led the hosts ' second-innings charge as they closed on 59-1 . Anderson , the world 's top-ranked Test bowler , suffered a stress fracture in the right shoulder blade during the third Test against Sri Lanka , but could return to face Pakistan in the second Test at Old Trafford , starting on 22 July . He helped Lancashire regain some momentum in the match after a dismal batting display on day one . But it was Matt Parkinson who struck first on Sunday , taking a catch off his own bowling to dismiss Stokes with his first ball of the day . Borthwick was bowled by spinner Simon Kerrigan soon after , and despite Collingwood 's 61-run stand with Paul Coughlin ( 26 ) , Durham failed to totally dominate .	England paceman James Anderson ended a two-day spell playing for Lancashire with figures of 3-58 in an evenly-poised match against Durham .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 23-year-old Barcelona forward was shown a red card for clashing with Colombia players following Brazil 's 1-0 defeat in their most recent group game . He was initially banned for one game , ruling him out of the final group match with Venezuela on Sunday . But the South American Football Confederation has now reviewed the case and increased the punishment . Neymar was shown the red card after kicking a ball at Colombia 's Pablo Armero in frustration after the final whistle before appearing to head butt another player who confronted him . Brazilian media reports suggested he had also confronted the referee before returning to the dressing room . Colombia 's Carlos Bacca , who was also sent off for a retaliatory shove , has been given a two-game ban . Both players have the right to appeal . Neymar had already been shown a yellow card earlier in the Colombia game that would have kept him from playing against Venezuela . In the 2014 World Cup Neymar was forced out of the tournament with a broken bone in his spine after he was kneed in the back by Colombia 's Juan Zuniga in a challenge that went unpunished .	Brazil striker Neymar will miss the rest of the Copa America after being suspended for four games .
About 2,500 teenagers aged between 14 and 19 hiked distances of up 55 miles ( 89km ) , visiting 10 nominated tors . The first team to cross the finish line was from the Combined Cadet Force at Churcher 's College in Hampshire . The teams left Okehampton Camp at 07:00 BST on Saturday and must complete the challenge before 17:00 BST . The challenge is organised by the Army and assisted by the Royal Navy , the Royal Air Force and the Dartmoor Rescue Group . A spokesman from the group said about 150 members had assisted and there had been a `` handful '' of sprained ankles and minor injuries , but nothing major . Organisers said Radzi Chinyanganya and Lindsey Russell from Children 's TV programme Blue Peter also took part , with the third presenter , Barney Harwood , also present at the event . Source : BBC/Ten Tors	Teenagers taking part in the annual two-day Ten Tors challenge across Dartmoor in Devon have crossed the finish line .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 10 February 2015 Last updated at 13:07 GMT Pet has become famous in Ullapool , Ross-shire , for her dog-like antics . She was adopted by collies after being taken in when she struggled to survive following her birth in April last year . One of a set of twins , she was born with a problem with her back legs and was taken into the warmth of the croft house to be looked after . Pet instantly bonded with her fellow housemates and was 'adopted ' by a sheep dog called Dice . Check out this clip of the 10-month-old running and playing with a pack of collies .	Pet the lamb was raised by collies in the Scottish Highlands - and now thinks she 's a sheep dog !
Newton Stewart Football Club 's 3G pitch was funded by Dumfries and Galloway Council and Sportscotland . However the `` all-weather '' surface has been dogged by flooding problems , which forced the cancellation one South of Scotland league game . Councillors have been asked to approve almost £12,000 worth of drainage works . In a report , Wigtown Area Committee has been told that there was just one incidence of standing water during its first 12 months , when the contractor which laid the surface was responsible for maintenance . That agreement ended in October last year , leaving the local authority responsible for the upkeep of the pitch at Blairmount . Within weeks , Newton Stewart FC cancelled a game due to a waterlogged pitch . It flooded again in February and March . The report said the drainage system has been found to be at fault . `` It was clear from examination of all components that the problem lay in the carpet infill and the rate at which water was percolating through this , '' it added . It asks councillors to approve a series of measures to rectify the problem .	A £500,000 synthetic football pitch needs thousands of pounds worth of remedial action , less than 18 months after it was laid .
He will take over from Conservative PCC Sir Clive Loader , who was elected in November 2012 . Neither candidate got 50 % of first preference votes , so second preference ballots had to be counted . Lord Bach got 78,188 votes , while his nearest rival - the Conservative candidate Neil Bannister - got 58,305 votes . He addressed the crowd after the result was announced in Whitwick . `` Of course as the Labour candidate I 'm extremely proud to be standing here having won this particular election , '' he said . `` But I say right away , that from this moment on of course , my obligation is to all people who live in Leicester , Leicestershire and Rutland . `` That 's my duty and that 's what I 'm proud to be able to do . '' Candidates are listed alphabetically by surname . BBC News App users : tap here to see the candidates . Votes at the first stage count : Votes following the second stage count : More information is available on the Choose my PCC website .	Labour candidate Lord Bach has been elected as police and crime commissioner for Leicestershire .
Mark Jones , 45 , of Cwmbran , denies murdering five-week-old Amelia Jones . Prosecutor Paul Lewis told Newport Crown Court Mr Jones did not like Amelia 's father Ian Skillern and after her birth said she looked like him . The court heard that Amelia died after suffering a bleed to the brain and a fractured skull . Mr Jones was looking after Amelia at her home when she was injured in November 2012 . He said he fell with Amelia in his arms on one occasion and passed out while holding her on another . In summing up , Mr Lewis said : `` Mark Jones did not like the fact that Amelia Jones looked like her father . '' He described Mr Jones as a liar of `` Oscar-winning talent '' , saying Amelia 's injuries were more commonly associated with a `` motor vehicle crash or falling down a flight of stairs '' . Mr Jones denies murder and the trial continues .	A man accused of murdering his baby granddaughter disliked her because she looked like her father , a court heard .
The hosts slumped from 78-1 to 191 all out after being put in as left-armer Hatchett claimed figures of 5-58 . Shiv Thakor ( 36 not out ) was the only batsman to offer any resistance for Derbyshire and was struck on the helmet by a Steve Magoffin bouncer . Thakor claimed the only Sussex wicket to fall before the close in Sussex 's reply , trapping Chris Nash ( 37 ) lbw .	Sussex seamer Lewis Hatchett took five wickets as Derbyshire suffered a first-innings ' collapse after a strong start .
Timothy Bleach , now aged 76 and retired , is alleged to have carried out the assaults while teaching at Weyford Junior School in Bordon , Hampshire . Twelve women - who were pupils at the school and aged between eight and 11 at the time of the alleged assaults - have made complaints against Mr Bleach . He denies 62 counts , covering more than 100 incidents , including rape . The charges also include gross indecency , indecent assault and possession of indecent images . Portsmouth Crown Court heard the attacks took place between 1972 and 1980 and happened in the classroom , in a store cupboard Mr Bleach had converted into a darkroom and during piano lessons , as well as at Mr Bleach 's home . The jury was told the girls were repeatedly assaulted by Mr Bleach , of Hazel Walks , Petersfield , in a variety of ways . After police received an initial complaint officers made contact with other former pupils - 11 of whom reported indecent assaults , the trial heard . Some said it was the first time they had spoken about the alleged attacks . The trial is expected to last six weeks .	A teacher sexually assaulted young girls at the school where he worked in the 1970s , a court has heard .
The 34-year-old defender has made 78 league appearances for Town since joining from Cardiff in September 2014 . Boss David Wagner said : `` It is a great move to keep him here as a coach in the long-term , but I believe he still has a big part to play on the pitch . `` He is a 100 % professional and has a winning mentality . ''	Huddersfield Town captain Mark Hudson has signed a three-year contract extension , which will eventually see him join the club 's coaching staff .
Kevin Whyman , 39 , was killed when his Folland Gnat aircraft crashed during an aerial display at the CarFest event at Oulton Park on 1 August . Ch Supt Philip Jones also told the hearing there had been a risk of explosions from ejector seat debris . Mr Whyman 's body was recovered the next day when the site had been made safe . Cheshire coroner Nicholas Rheinberg released Mr Whyman 's body for burial as he adjourned the inquest . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch is carrying out an investigation .	A pilot was killed after his aircraft broke into `` multiple pieces '' when it fell from the sky at an event in Cheshire , an inquest has heard .
Earlier in the day , the company had been leading the FTSE 100 for the second day running , following a rise of 25 % on Tuesday . Tesco was the biggest riser , up 3.8 % after wholesaler Booker reported strong sales figures . Tesco 's deal to buy Booker awaits approval from regulators . Overall , the FTSE 100 closed up 10.37 points or 0.14 % at 7,367.60 . Housebuilder Persimmon rose 2.4 % on the strength of solid first-half results . The company said sales rose by 7 % year-on-year in the period , unaffected by general election jitters . Persimmon 's performance lifted the sector , with rivals Barratt and Taylor Wimpey also trading higher . On the currency markets , the pound was up 0.11 % against the dollar at $ 1.2933 and also up 0.11 % against the euro at 1.1399 euros .	Shares in Worldpay slumped 8.8 % after news broke that it was being taken over by US rival Vantiv .
15 February 2016 Last updated at 13:02 GMT The actions of Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris made Columbine a byword for the phenomenon of school shootings . For 17 years , the parents of the Columbine killers have kept their silence . Now Sue Klebold , the mother of Dylan Klebold , has written a book , A Mother 's Reckoning : Living in the Aftermath of the Columbine Tragedy . All of her proceeds will be donated to research and charitable foundations focusing on mental health issues . In an exclusive interview , she spoke to BBC Newnight 's Kirsty Wark . More : The longer version of BBC Kirsty Wark 's interview with Sue Klebold will air on BBC Newsnight on Monday 15 February at 22:30 GMT and on Our World on the BBC News Channel and BBC World News ( click for transmission times ) My life as the mother of the Columbine killer	The Columbine High School massacre in 1999 , which killed 13 people and injured 24 others in Denver , Colorado , had a seismic impact on the US .
Peter Scott claims the review has been forced as a result of lower than expected turnover and tough trading conditions . Its workforce of about 70 staff have been offered voluntary redundancy . A spokesman for the business said that if there are enough volunteers , it may reduce the need for compulsory redundancies . In a statement , a firm spokesman said : `` Despite best efforts to grow the business , lower than expected turnover and tough trading conditions dictated a review of the business strategy and structure which may result in job losses . `` The proposed job losses may become a necessary action to ensure the company 's ongoing operations and enable Peter Scott to create a firm platform for future growth . '' Hawick honorary provost Stewart Marshall said it was a blow for the town . `` Twenty job losses is 20 wages out of circulation so it always has an impact on our economy but you ca n't help feeling for the families who have been affected by this news , '' he said . More than 100 people lost their jobs at the factory in 2010 when it went into administration . It was later bought by South Koren-based Gloverall .	Up to 20 jobs could be lost at a Hawick knitwear plant as part of a `` restructuring '' programme .
Surrey Police said a man assaulted a member of staff at the Waterloo Road restaurant in Epsom on Friday , before taking the 17-year-old victim outside . A suspect was arrested a short time later at Court Recreation Ground off Pound Lane . The girl suffered a stab wound to the abdomen and was taken to hospital . Her condition is described as serious but not life threatening . A 32-year-old man from Epsom has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder , kidnap , rape and grievous bodily harm . Det Insp Nick Chambers said the girl and the man knew each other . `` This appears to have been a violent and pre-planned attack which took place in a very public location , '' he said . `` Epsom on Friday night is a busy place so I 'm sure passers-by and motorists must have seen this incident unfolding . `` I would like to hear from anyone who saw anything out of the ordinary in or around Pizza Hut or Court Recreation Ground . '' The staff member , who tried to intervene when the man entered the restaurant , suffered injuries to his arm which are not believed to be serious .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage girl was dragged out of a Pizza Hut and stabbed .
Kent Fire and Rescue said crews were sent to the Eton Road entrance of the derelict amusement arcade , which is currently being renovated . The fire was in the roof space of the two storey building , but had already been extinguished before they arrived . The cause of the fire was accidental , the fire service said . Dreamland is due to open to the public on 19 June . A spokeswoman for Dreamland said the `` small fire '' on Dreamland 's buffet building 's roof happened during maintenance works , and stemmed from `` hot works igniting old timbers in the structure '' . `` The fire was put out before the emergency services arrived , health and safety was adhered to at all times and nobody was hurt , '' she said .	Firefighters were called to a small blaze at the Dreamland theme park in Margate , just weeks before it reopens .
Bulgarian national Denis Petkov died after an incident on East Hanningfield Road , Rettendon . Mihal Dobrev , of East Hanningfield Road , was due to appear at Chelmsford Magistrates ' Court on Wednesday . A 21-year-old man from Chelmsford arrested over the incident , has been released on police bail until 27 July . Three men , aged 24 , 42 and 30 , have been released without charge after being arrested .	A 37-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a 19-year-old man in Essex on Saturday .
The council said cuts to its budget from central government means it is looking at capping the help it offers . Proposals include raising the minimum payment from claimants from 20 % to 30 % and taking into account other benefits such as Disability Living Allowance . A public consultation on the proposed changes runs until 6 November . Leader of the Independent-run Isle of Wight Council Jonathan Bacon said : `` We are under increasing pressure from government to change the way we support local residents around council tax support . '' He added the council may have to make `` tough decisions '' on saving money while still providing `` support to those residents who are on a low income '' . Consultation recommendations will be considered by the council 's executive in November , with a view to bringing in changes from April 2016 .	Residents on the Isle of Wight receiving help with paying their council tax can expect cuts to their benefit next year .
Arthur Mellar , 47 , was seriously injured at Burghley House near Stamford on 12 July , and later died in hospital . His partner , Gerwin Castillo , told journalists that the `` kind and generous '' butler was crushed by a lift . The circumstances are being investigated by the Health and Safety Executive and Cambridgeshire Police . A spokesman for the force said : `` We were called to reports that a man in his 40s had suffered serious injuries at Burghley House on Saturday 12 July . `` He was taken to hospital but later died . A joint investigation is being carried out by police and the Health and Safety Executive . '' David Pennell , Burghley estate director , said the house would cooperate fully with the investigation . `` It is with the deepest sadness that we confirm the tragic death of Arthur Mellar , a highly-valued member of the household team at Burghley , following an accident on Saturday 12 July , '' he said . The mansion has been used for locations in the films Pride and Prejudice and The Da Vinci Code . A BBC television adaptation of Middlemarch was also filmed there .	Police are investigating the death of a butler who was injured while working at a Tudor mansion on the Lincolnshire-Cambridgeshire border .
The 2015 victor , trained by Oliver Sherwood , is rated an 8-1 chance to be the first horse to win back-to-back Nationals since Red Rum in the 1970s . `` I would choose Many Clouds for his experience and class , '' said Aspell , 39 . `` He 's possibly still improving . '' Aspell also won on Pineau De Re in 2014 and is bidding to become the first jockey to triumph three years running . `` So far , so good , '' he added . `` His form this year is even better . He 's a nine-year-old at his absolute peak . '' The rider lists dual Irish Hennessy Gold Cup winner Carlingford Lough and last season 's Cheltenham Gold Cup fourth-placed finisher Holywell among the chief dangers for the big race at Aintree on 9 April . He was speaking as 96 horses remained at the latest entry stage for the £1m race , which sees runners negotiate 30 fences over a distance of more than four miles . With a maximum 40 allowed to run , handicapper Phil Smith said it was 50-50 whether Pineau De Re - currently number 50 - would make the cut .	Many Clouds is a `` worthy favourite '' to win a second Grand National , says record-seeking jockey Leighton Aspell .
He was named as Abu Daigham al-Baritani or Abu Daigham al-Britani - the suffix adopted by those who have travelled from the UK to fight in the country . He is said to have been part of the Rayat al-Tawheed , a group of British combatants linked to the rebel Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ( ISIS ) . A statement apparently issued on the Rayat al-Tawheed Instagram account said the man was killed `` a few nights ago '' . The Foreign Office said it was unable to confirm the death . Shiraz Maher , senior fellow at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation at King 's College London , tweeted that the man , who was reportedly from London , has `` featured regularly in Rayat Tawheed vids '' . Tens of thousands of people have been killed in the Syrian conflict and millions displaced . An estimated 500 Europeans are now fighting in the country , according to the EU 's anti-terror chief . A Foreign Office spokeswoman said : `` The UK has no representation in Syria , and we are not able to provide consular services . `` While we look into reports we receive of British nationals being killed or injured in Syria , these are often very hard to verify because we have no in-country presence . ''	A British man has been killed in fighting in Syria , reports say .
10 February 2016 Last updated at 06:53 GMT The properties in Bolton have suffered due to drainage problems in nearby land owned by water company United Utilities , and broken culverts under the ground . The problems first began during the deluge that hit many parts of the region over Christmas . United Utilities has apologised to the residents and repairs are under way . Stuart Flinders from BBC North West Tonight reports .	Two homes in Greater Manchester have been flooded 11 times in the space of just over a month .
The 24-year-old , who has spent the last three seasons with the Ryman League Premier Division club , has agreed a two-year deal with the Daggers . Robson becomes Dagenham 's ninth signing since their relegation from League Two last season . `` He can play centre-half and centre midfield and likes to go forward for set-pieces , '' boss John Still said . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	National League side Dagenham & Redbridge have signed defender Craig Robson from Bognor Regis Town .
About 360kg ( 793lbs ) of cocaine that has washed up on Hopton beach , near Great Yarmouth and a beach near Caister . A member of the public contacted Norfolk Police having discovered a number of holdalls on Hopton Beach . The seizure was referred to the National Crime Agency and officers continue to search the area . More on this and other stories at BBC Local Live : Norfolk Matthew Rivers , from the NCA 's border investigation team , said : `` We are now working with Border Force , the Coastguard Agency and Norfolk Police to try and establish how the bags ended up where they did , however it is extremely unlikely that this was their intended destination . `` This is obviously a substantial seizure of class A drugs and its loss will represent a major blow to the organised criminals involved . '' Supt Dave Buckley , from Norfolk Constabulary , said : `` Whilst we believe we have recovered all the packages , should any member of the public find one they are urged to contact Norfolk Constabulary immediately . `` We will have extra officers in the area to monitor the situation . ''	Cocaine valued at up to £50m has been washed up on beaches in Norfolk , the National Crime Agency says .
The Dow Jones rose 106.7 points to 18,004.16 , its first close above 18,000 since July . The S & P 500 gained 13.61 points to 2,094.34 , and the Nasdaq index climbed 26.15 points to 4,569.31 . Markets shook off early losses caused by a drop in the oil price after a meeting of oil producers failed to reach a dealnt to cap output . News that Kuwaiti oil-workers were on strike helped bring the price of crude oil back up from severe lows . Shares of Chevron rose 1.5 % , while Exxon was up 1 % . Toymaker Hasbro rose 5.8 % after it reported stronger-than-expected profits and revenues for the first quarter . Net income jumped to $ 48.8m from $ 26.7m a year earlier , with net revenue up 16.5 % to $ 831.2m . The toy company was helped by strong demand for Star Wars , Frozen and Disney Princess toys . The news also helped lift shares of Walt Disney by 2.9 % . Shares in Morgan Stanley fell 0.12 % after the bank reported a 54 % fall in net profit to $ 1.1bn but beat earnings forecasts .	( Closed ) : US stocks closed higher , lifted by strong earnings from toy company Hasbro and a recovery in oil .
Saville , 25 , joined the Shots from Barnet last summer and made 26 appearances in all competitions . Walker , 26 , scored 14 goals in 40 league appearances after moving to the EBB Stadium from Luton . Aldershot , who finished 15th in 2015-16 , reappointed Gary Waddock as manager last month .	Aldershot Town defender Jack Saville and striker Charlie Walker have signed new one-year deals with the National League club .
The 64-year-old said he had recently suffered `` extended periods '' of ill health and did not feel he could serve for a further five years . Several well-known MPs , including Sir Eric Pickles and Alan Johnson , have said they are standing down ahead of the snap general election on 8 June . Mr Allen said it had been `` the hardest decision of my life '' . The former warehouse worker won the Nottingham North seat in 1987 and successfully defended it in six further general elections . Mr Allen has served as a senior whip and earlier this decade chaired a select committee on political and constitutional reform . In a letter to constituents he wrote : `` I have suffered extended periods of ill health this year with more expected . `` I would have enthusiastically completed the rest of the Parliament to 2020 . `` However , the certainty of continuing at the pace and standards that I set myself for a further full five-year term can not be guaranteed . ''	Graham Allen has announced he is to step down as Labour MP for Nottingham North after 30 years .
Administrators have been unable to find a buyer for Schivo NI , which makes parts for aircraft manufacturers such as Airbus . The business , formerly known as Maydown Precision Engineering , once employed about 200 people . Administrators Duff & Phelps were appointed in January but , no acceptable offers were made for the business as a going concern . It will cease trading on Friday . Thirty-two jobs will be lost immediately and the remainder once the company is wound down . Trade union Unite said the announcement is `` a serious blow '' to the north west . Spokesman Liam Gallagher said the move `` reinforces the need for a functioning executive to bring forward an industrial strategy '' . Schivo , based in Waterford , bought Maydown two years ago .	A Londonderry aerospace firm is to close with the loss of 40 jobs .
Roy Deeming 's yacht , Desiree , was found drifting off La Corbiere , off the south-west coast , on Christmas Day , prompting a major search operation . He has been missing from his home in St Brelade since late on Christmas Eve . Searches were called off on Friday and were not restarting on Saturday , Jersey Police said .	Weather conditions are too dangerous for searches to continue for a missing man off Jersey , police say .
The festival website is also advising people to arrive on Thursday or Friday when queues are expected to be shorter . `` As a general rule , we would ask you to only bring as much as you can carry yourself , '' it said ahead of the festival , where gates open on 21 June . Car park entertainment and facilities for early arrivals are also shelved . Normally , the organisers put on entertainment for people who arrive early , from 21:00 BST on Tuesday prior to the festival gates being opened on the Wednesday at 08:00 BST . Organisers have now warned that those who arrive before the gates open will `` be expected to remain in their cars '' . The website statement added : `` For security reasons , all ticket holders will be subject to extra searches of their vehicles , their bags and their person at this year 's Festival . `` This will make entrance slower than in previous years . '' Organisers have also asked people to put luggage tags on all their bags , with their names and mobile numbers and to avoid wrapping their belongings in thick plastic wrap as they need to be removed for checks . Separate lanes are also being introduced for people with large luggage and trolleys . Some 175,000 will be attending the music event at Worthy Farm in Pilton , which runs until Sunday June 25 .	Music fans going to Glastonbury Festival have been warned by organisers that security checks will be stepped up in light of the terror attacks .
The body of Jess Smith , 36 , of Common Road , Potton , Bedfordshire , was found in a car at First Drove in Burwell , Cambridgeshire . No further action will be taken against a 57-year-old man from Burwell . Mark Mosley , 42 , of First Drove , Burwell , has already been charged with murder . Four others have been rebailed . Mosley has also been charged with the attempted murder of another man . Post-mortem tests showed Mr Smith died from a gunshot wound to the back . Another man was treated in hospital for facial injuries . Two men aged 19 and 20 , and a woman , 38 , arrested in connection with Mr Smith 's murder have been rebailed until 24 February . A 27-year-old man has been rebailed until 25 February .	A man arrested in connection with the murder of another man who was shot in the back on New Year 's Day faces no further action , police have said .
Holm , 34 , ended her fellow American 's unbeaten 12-fight streak with a second-round knockout in Melbourne . `` It might be three to six months before I can eat an apple , let alone take an impact , '' Rousey , 28 , told ESPN . The Expendables 3 star added she was hoping to reclaim her title . `` Maybe I ca n't do it all before my prime , before my body is done , but maybe I can , '' added Rousey , who is set to appear in a remake of 1980s film Road House . On Sunday , Holm had a day named after her , at a parade in her native Albuquerque , New Mexico .	Ronda Rousey says it may take six months to fully recover from the injuries she sustained in her Ultimate Fighting Championship bantamweight title defeat by Holly Holm in November .
Ministers refused to agree to a proposal to underwrite all of the £350m which was being invested by insurance giant Aviva . The latest deal would involve the Welsh Government underwriting less than half that figure , it is understood . The new proposals are also believed to involve another £40m private capital . The new funding proposal has been worked on by the Head of the Valleys Development Company and its chief executive Michael Carrick since the initial deal was rejected three weeks ago . Mr Carrick has also said in the past that that underwriting would only come into effect if the race track project failed after it had been built and then the Welsh Government would be able to have a call on the assets . The Welsh Government confirmed it has received a revised proposal and said `` detailed consideration '' would be given .	The company behind the Circuit of Wales development in Ebbw Vale has submitted a new funding proposal to Welsh Government , BBC Wales understands .
Ireland 's Jamie Heaslip is also included , along with All Blacks pair Beauden Barrett and Dane Coles . Itoje is also shortlisted for the breakthrough player of the year . England 's Sarah Hunter is nominated for women 's player of the year along with New Zealand 's Fiao ' o Fa'amausili , and Gaelle Mignot of France . England boss Eddie Jones is a contender for coach of the year , as are Fiji 's Ben Ryan and New Zealand 's Steve Hansen . The awards will be presented next Sunday in London . The four other award shortlists are :	Saracens and England trio Maro Itoje , Owen Farrell and Billy Vunipola have been named on a six-man shortlist for World Rugby 's men 's player of the year .
More than 120 security staff held a 48-hour strike in April which led to the closure of Dundee Airport . Hial 's other 10 sites continued to operate during the action . The union members have voted 95 % in favour of an offer to harmonise their terms and conditions over the next 20 months . There was a turnout of 74 % of the members to the ballot . Hial operates 11 Scottish airports in Dundee , Inverness , Argyll , the Hebrides , Orkney and Shetland and Wick .	Prospect union members working for Highlands and Islands Airports Limited ( Hial ) have voted to accept an offer on their terms and conditions .
The visitors had taken the lead when Michael Doughty picked up a rebound to fire under keeper Neil Etheridge . But Morris cut inside from the right to drill home a left-footed strike . With a game in hand , Walsall remain three points behind second-placed Burton , after their 1-1 draw with leaders Wigan at the Pirelli Stadium . Media playback is not supported on this device	Substitute Kieron Morris scored three minutes after coming on to earn League One promotion-chasers Walsall a point at home against Swindon .
Carlos Rodriguez , who was sacked by the Honduran foreign ministry , apologised but also said he had been away on holiday at the time . An investigation is under way into reports that two alleged prostitutes were at the party on 20 December . Laptop computers and mobile phones were reportedly stolen from the premises . `` I assume responsibility as the former chief of mission , '' Mr Rodriguez said . `` I would like to apologise to the government of President ( Porfirio ) Lobo , to the Honduran people and at the same time to the people and government of Colombia , '' he told local media . Mr Rodriguez said he had been on leave from 15 December and had just been informed the day after the party that an official had mislaid a computer . A committee of inquiry has been set up in Honduras , while in Colombia the authorities are trying to identify the two presumed sex workers . An embassy employee close to Mr Rodriguez has been accused of organising the party . US secret service agents were involved in a similar scandal last year , ahead of an official visit by President Barack Obama to Colombia . They were sent home and disciplined in April 2012 after being accused of taking prostitutes to their hotel rooms on the eve of the Summit of the Americas in the city of Cartagena .	The former Honduran ambassador to Colombia , Carlos Rodriguez , says he accepts responsibility for a wild Christmas party held at the embassy .
Williams was a first-team coach at Forest but replaced Dougie Freedman as boss when the Scot was sacked in March . The 45-year-old was out of contract this summer and BBC Radio Nottingham understands he has failed to agree terms on a return to a coaching job . Williams , who won two of his 10 games said : `` Although we struggled with results , performances were strong . '' The Reds finished 16th in the table , 19 points adrift of the play-off places and 15 points clear of the relegation zone . `` The lads gave me everything they had , '' Williams added . `` They , along with the staff , are a good honest group and I will always appreciate the commitment and desire shown during my time here . `` This club has so much potential and , when you see the backing the club receives from the supporters both home and away , I truly hope they are rewarded for their loyalty with success on the pitch . ''	Nottingham Forest temporary manager Paul Williams has left the Championship club .
Goole police station had to be evacuated as a result of the unusual donation , which was at first thought to be a World War Two shell . Humberside Police said the offending item was a live explosive round about 6ins ( 15cm ) long and 2ins ( 5cm ) wide . Army experts made the device safe and the station reopened at 17:15 GMT . It was closed for about three hours . The first Boer War was in 1880-81 and the further war of 1899-1902 is sometimes also called the South African War .	Staff at a police station in East Yorkshire got a shock when an unexploded device from the Boer War was handed in at the front counter .
`` We are going to continue engaging Wada to ensure that Kenya reaches compliance status , '' said Hassan Wario . On Thursday , global athletics chief Lord Coe said he was prepared to ban Kenya from the 2016 Olympics . The country has already missed a deadline to provide assurances to Wada . That led to it being placed on a 'watch-list ' of nations at risk of breaching the agency 's code and prompted the comments by IAAF president Lord Coe . Kenya is a dominant nation in distance running - topping the medal table at the 2015 World Athletics Championships - but has seen more than 40 of its athletes fail drug tests since 2011 . Wario says Kenya has taken the following steps to combat its doping problem :	Kenya is `` fully co-operating '' with the World Anti-Doping Agency , its sports minister says , as the country aims to prove it is tackling cheating in athletics .
Bradford One wants to turn the derelict site , currently owned by the city council , into a concert setting with a capacity of up to 2,000 people . Plans also include restaurants , bars and a new office within the building . A campaign has been under way to save the 1930s landmark , which played host to acts including The Beatles , since its closure in 2000 . It was bought by regional development agency Yorkshire Forward in 2003 , which later entered into a development agreement with Langtree Artisan . That agreement , which would have seen the demolition of the building , was scrapped last September after the Homes and Communities Agency took over the site following the abolition of Yorkshire Forward . Earlier this year , the building was bought by Bradford Council for Â£1 . The authority said it would now consider proposals for commercially viable developments which retain all or part of the building . Bradford One said the redevelopment and use of the building would be funded in a mix of ways including grants , community funding and a community share scheme . Another bid has also been unveiled by Bradford Live , which is also calling for the building to become a music venue .	A community group has revealed plans to redevelop Bradford 's former Odeon cinema into a music venue .
The Scottish SPCA said it was caring for more than 100 of the auks at its National Wildlife Rescue Centre in Fishcross . Centre manager Colin Seddon said : `` Little auks breed in the high arctic areas such as Greenland and Iceland , so it is unusual to see them up close . '' Any other auk sightings can be reported on 03000 999 999 . Mr Seddon explained : `` We have just over 100 little auks in our care at the moment which have been caught out by the recent storms . `` It is not uncommon for little auks to be found in the North Sea over winter but they have been blown off course and are landing in areas up and down the county , predominately along the east coast . `` The little auks we have rescued were found weak and thin and would have had great difficulty taking off once grounded . ''	The recent storms have blown dozens of auk birds onto the east coast of Scotland .
Ferrari are throwing spanners in the works all over the place this year , no more so than in Russia , where they have locked out the front row for the first time in nine years . So who will trouble the top 10 in Sochi ? You decide . Well , guess . Who will finish in the top 10 at the Russian Grand Prix ?	Who will be in the top 10 when the chequered flag falls in this Sunday 's Russian Grand Prix ?
Stokes gave Hibs the lead early in the second-half after being played in by John McGinn , drilling his shot from the edge of the box under Derek Gaston . Morton had chances to get back into the match , but could not find an equaliser . The result keeps Hibs within eight points of Championship leaders Rangers with a game in hand on their rivals . James Keatings went closest for Hibs in the first half , his close-range header kept out by a great save from Morton keeper Gaston . McGinn shot over after the break at Cappielow and Stokes shot wide shortly after his 47th-minute strike Gaston then saved from Liam Henderson as Stokes ' goal proved enough to give Alan Stubbs ' side all three points .	Anthony Stokes scored his second goal in two matches since returning to Hibernian to seal a hard-fought victory at Greenock Morton .
The pins include some of our most uplifting stories , features and videos about local heroes . You can follow the board here to see a selection of our stories every week to re-pin , like and comment on . If humans are n't your thing , we also have a board for animal fans in need of a quirky news fix . All of the rest of our boards can be found here with new ones regularly being created so follow our account to see our latest collections .	BBC England has a Pinterest board about inspiring people who have made a difference to the lives of others .
Situated off the coast of Tanzania , the island of Zanzibar features many examples of Swahili architecture . However , after years of neglect , many of the buildings are crumbling . Now , a small group of local artisans is fighting to bring back the traditional skills and knowledge needed to preserve these buildings . Stone Town , the historical part of Zanzibar 's capital , was listed as a cultural World Heritage Site by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( Unesco ) in 2000 . However , its buildings have been affected by a growing population , increased traffic and the tropical climate of the island . The use of concrete for repairs , instead of traditional sand and lime mortar , has exacerbated the decline of many buildings such as the palace of Mtoni . Students of the Zanzibar Built Heritage Job Creation project , which aims to resurrect the traditional skills needed to restore the buildings , have been trained in carpentry and masonry . Omar Yussuf Abdallah , 38 , says : `` This training will give me a salary and help my life . `` It will help me to teach others how to protect our culture and Stone Town 's doors . '' A mix of old lime-washed , coralline ragstone and more modern , concrete buildings , Stone Town 's skyline now has a more certain future .	Photographs by Aurelie Marrier d'Unienville
Three Wise Monkeys Climbing , the business behind the project , plans to convert Macintosh Memorial Church near the town 's High Street . It has already managed to raise £30,000 in 23 days through a crowdfunding appeal . However , the appeal reaches its deadline at 17:00 on Wednesday . If the funding bid is successful , the centre will be opened in stages . A bouldering wall would be created first , followed by a cafe , then a roped climbing wall and extra bouldering wall training room .	A former church in Fort William could be turned into a climbing centre if £40,000 can be raised by Wednesday .
The Fire Service is treating the blaze as accidental . Michael Bradley , who produced the Gerry Anderson Show , said it was a `` very sad day '' . `` I remember Geordie coming in to an outside broadcast and it was like Elvis entering the building . '' `` Gerry Anderson and Sean Coyle always knew what made him tick , '' he added . `` Callers to the programme would sometimes pretend to be colourful characters . Geordie was one of a kind though . `` A lot of people will be thinking about him today and listening back to clips of him . '' Crews were called to Mr Tuft 's home on the Legannany Road on Tuesday afternoon .	Geordie Tuft , a regular contributor to BBC Radio Ulster 's Gerry Anderson show , has died in a house fire in Loughbrickland .
The disused pipeline previously carried water from an artesian well to the cooling towers at Shotton Steelworks on Deeside . It is alleged the pipe , which is owned by Tata Steel , was targeted between August 2012 and July 2013 . Flintshire magistrates sent the case to Mold Crown Court where the men , aged 69 and 54 , will appear next week .	Two men have been charged with conspiring to steal three miles of metal pipeline valued at £450,000 .
Media playback is not supported on this device The Americans led 52-29 at half-time on their way to winning the title for the 15th time in 19 stagings . Kevin Durrant , part of the victorious American team at London 2012 , scored 30 of his side 's points . Spain , beaten finalists at the past two Olympic Games , won the bronze medal in Rio as they defeated Australia 89-88 in a thrilling finish . The US ' winning margin was the biggest in a men 's Olympic basketball final since they beat Croatia 117-85 in Barcelona in 1992 . Team USA finish top of the medal table with 46 golds , 37 silvers and 38 bronzes in an overall total of 121 . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	The United States ' men 's basketball team thrashed Serbia 96-66 to win the final gold medal of the 2016 Olympics .
The attack happened in Gardner Road , in the Kincorth area , at about 07:45 on Saturday morning . A man in his 30s was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary with serious injuries . Two boys aged 15 and 16 from Aberdeen and Edinburgh - who can not be named for legal reasons - were charged at Aberdeen Sheriff Court with assault and attempted murder . They made no plea and were released on bail .	Two teenagers have appeared in court charged with attempted murder in connection with an assault in Aberdeen .
The 55-year-old Frenchman , who was appointed in June 2016 , led Saints to eighth in the Premier League last season despite losing 16 games . They also reached the League Cup final , their first major final since 2003 . A Southampton statement read : `` The search for a new management team is under way . We are confident that we will find the right fit in line with the long-term vision of the club . '' Puel spent four years as manager of Nice before replacing Ronald Koeman , who led Southampton to sixth in the table in 2015-16 . Southampton were beaten 3-2 by Manchester United in the League Cup final in February . They managed only one win in their final eight league matches of the season and scored one goal in the last six games . The club statement read : `` Everyone at Southampton would like to express our thanks to Claude for his hard work and commitment this year . `` The highlight of the season was a memorable day at Wembley in the EFL Cup final , a day our fans will always treasure . '' Puel is the third manager to leave Southampton in the past three years , following Mauricio Pochettino 's departure for Tottenham and Koeman 's move to Everton .	Southampton have sacked manager Claude Puel after one season in charge .
The 27-year-old scored one and made another before limping off in the 80th minute at Stamford Bridge . Speaking after the match , interim Blues boss Guus Hiddink said Costa had been `` in a lot of pain '' - although it is unclear how long Costa could be out . Chelsea next play away to Premier League leaders Arsenal in a 16:00 GMT kick-off on Sunday . Spain international Costa has scored five goals in five games for Chelsea since Dutchman Hiddink was appointed in December . He was their top scorer last season with 20 goals as Jose Mourinho led to the club to a Premier League and League Cup double , but had scored just four times before the Portuguese was sacked .	Chelsea striker Diego Costa suffered a bruised tibia in Saturday 's 3-3 draw with Everton , scans have shown .
RSPCA rescuers abseiled down Nant Peris in Llanberis , Caernarfon and managed to grab the animal from where it was stranded 50ft ( 15m ) from the top on Thursday . They then returned to the surface , hauling the animal up in a sack . Once back on land , the sheep was checked over and was deemed to be fine , although it was hungry and thirsty . RSPCA inspector Chris Dunbar , who was the rope team leader , said it was a successful rescue . `` The top of the area where we set up was quite steep so extra precautions had to be taken , '' he said . `` The sheep was very thirsty and started to eat and drink straight away when we released it , but was fine . ''	A sheep has been rescued from a tiny rocky ledge on a sheer 150ft cliff in Gwynedd .
The Irish Open has now been staged in Northern Ireland twice since 2012 . Tourism Northern Ireland 's chief operating officer , Kathryn Thomson , said such events provided a clear boost for the economy . `` One of the main reasons we host these major events is we can drive legacy around it , '' she told the BBC 's Inside Business . `` From the Irish Open and the other golf events we 'll be having , we 've developed a golf tourism strategy . `` We know that golf is worth £33m to the economy now , but we also know that golfers spend a lot more money than regular tourists , and we believe that we can realistically grow that to £50m by 2020 . '' Inside Business is on BBC Radio Ulster and Radio Foyle at 13:30 BST on Sunday 5 July .	Golf could generate £50m for the Northern Ireland economy within five years , according to Tourism NI .
The victim was attacked in his home in Ross Drive , Airdrie , at 04:30 on Tuesday . The 46-year-old was assaulted by a man who stole the keys to his white Audi A6 before driving off in the car . The car was found burnt out in Stonedyke Road , Carluke , at about 05:50 that morning . The victim sustained face and body injuries in the attack . He was taken to Monklands Hospital for treatment . Det Con Clare Cassidy said : `` This was a very traumatic experience for the victim , who was sleeping in his bed when he was callously attacked , leaving him with injuries that required medical attention . `` I 'd like to speak to anyone who may have seen the suspect hanging around the vicinity of Ross Drive in Airdrie around 04:30 hrs on Tuesday 20 June or anyone who witnessed suspicious activity in Stonedyke Road , Carluke , afterwards . '' The suspect was described as being white , 5ft 8in tall , of heavy build , with short dark hair . He was aged between 16 and 20 years and was wearing a grey hooded tracksuit .	Police are hunting an intruder who assaulted a sleeping man in his bed before stealing his car .
Doddle is a joint venture between Network Rail and Lloyd Dorfman , who made his fortune from the Travelex currency exchange business . According to Mr Dorfman , Amazon will begin using Doddle in September . Last year Amazon was in talks with Transport for London about using tube stations as collection points . It is not clear how the deal with Doddle will affect Amazon 's plan to link up with London Underground . Network Rail and Mr Dorfman are investing Â£24m in Doddle and hope to expand the business to 300 stations . A pilot operation has been running at Milton Keynes station and Doddle 's website said shops in London Cannon Street , Woking , Bromley South , Brighton and Chelmsford stations would `` open soon '' . But reaching an agreement with Amazon would be a huge boost for the business . In an interview with the Sunday Telegraph , Mr Dorfman said : `` They 're sorting out the systems issues and have agreed to begin using Doddle in September . ''	Amazon customers will be able to pick-up their parcels from railways stations under a deal struck with a new click-and-collect firm , Doddle .
Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service was called to the fire in Glenmor Road , Llanelli , at about 22:45 BST on Saturday . It broke out on the ground floor of a building and two crews attended . The extent of the damage is not known .	Firefighters have tackled a blaze in an empty flat in Carmarthenshire .
Media playback is not supported on this device The Northern Premier League Division One North outfit had reached the second round after a shock 1-0 win over League Two Exeter City . They fell behind to an early goal from Matty Pattison , the forward sweeping home Rob Ramshaw 's cutback . Pattison and Danny Wright both hit the woodwork before Wright sealed victory in the last minute . The substitute capitalised on an error from Yellows goalkeeper Karl Wills to put the ball into an empty net . Lee Gaskell 's acrobatic volley that went just wide was as close as the visitors came .	Gateshead progressed to the third round of the FA Cup with a victory over eighth tier side Warrington .
15 September 2016 Last updated at 09:23 BST The five week old cub tries for more than a minute to turn herself over but she does n't manage to do it . She probably wo n't be able to roll over for a little bit longer and her eyes wo n't open all the way until she 's around two months old . The baby cub does n't have a name yet but many call her `` Xidou 's baby '' in reference to her Mum , whose name translation is `` Little Bean . ''	A video of a baby panda in China trying to roll over has gone viral online .
The Australian world number 14 lost 6-3 6-1 to 110th-ranked Mischa Zverev of Germany in the second round . Kyrgios , 21 , patted the ball over the net several times when serving and began walking back to his chair before a serve from Zverev had landed . He was also fined for abusing a spectator and unsportsmanlike conduct . Kyrgios received a code violation for swearing during the match and argued with a member of the crowd . The ATP decided to issue the maximum $ 10,000 ( £8,192 ) fine for breaching its code of conduct regarding `` lack of best efforts '' . Having been booed by the crowd , Kyrgios admitted he `` took the easy way out '' and `` tapped out a little bit '' against Zverev . However , the Australian said he did not `` owe them anything '' . It came a day after Kyrgios said he was `` bored '' during his first-round victory over Sam Querrey .	Nick Kyrgios has been fined $ 16,500 ( £13,533 ) for his behaviour - including `` lack of best efforts '' - during his Shanghai Masters defeat on Wednesday .
In a Sky News interview she urged the broadcaster to `` sign me up for next year - I want a bit of that action '' . The prime-time weekend show is currently featuring former Labour MP Ed Balls . Ms Davidson spoke about her dancing ambitions ahead of her keynote speech to the Conservative Party conference . She will address delegates on the final day of the Birmingham gathering . Ms Davidson said she was jealous of Mr Balls ' participation in the competition which is now in its twelfth year . She added : `` I have to say I have been totally team Balls on Strictly Come Balls ... Strictly Come Dancing . `` I think he 's doing a tremendous job and I 'm just jealous . `` So if anybody from the BBC is watching , sign me up for next year , because he 's making it look brilliant . I want a bit of that action . '' At the weekend , Mr Balls was praised for his second dance , a Charleston which earned him a standing ovation from the Strictly audience .	Scotland 's Conservative leader Ruth Davidson has confessed that she would love to be a contestant on the BBC 's Strictly Come Dancing .
More than 200 soldiers were cheered by hundreds of well-wishers in St Neots as they exercised their Freedom of the Cambridgeshire town for the first time . The soldiers were accompanied by the Band of The Queen 's Division . The parade halted in the Market Square where it was inspected by the Mayor of St Neots James Corley . Also inspecting the parade was Aileen Guy , mother of the late Cpl Alex Guy who was killed in Afghanistan in June 2012 . The event was the first of a series of homecoming parades for the unit , nicknamed the Vikings , which will be marching through Norwich on Wednesday and Harlow on Thursday . Major James Ridgway said : `` As a regiment , we are very proud of the communities we recruit our soldiers from and work hard to maintain strong links with them . I 'm humbled to see so many people come out to show their support . ''	Soldiers from the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment have been welcomed home from operations in Afghanistan .
They were announced as part of an extra £12bn of spending on defence equipment - part of the government 's £178bn overall defence equipment and support budget during the next decade . Here are some of the main developments in the government 's Strategic Defence and Security Review : 4,500 miles ( 7,200 km ) maximum range without refuelling 490 knots ( 910km/h ; 560mph ) maximum speed 28 P-8A Poseidon aircraft in use by the United States 2 other countries , India and Australia , have variants of the aircraft in use or on order	Prime Minister David Cameron 's defence announcements include two squadrons of F-35 jets for the Royal Navy 's aircraft carriers , nine new maritime patrol aircraft and two 5,000-strong `` strike brigades '' .
The 66-year-old woman was critically injured in the collision on Main Street at about 12:35 GMT on Monday . A police spokesman confirmed on Thursday that she has died in hospital . The lorry driver was arrested after the collision . He was later released on bail pending further inquiries .	A pedestrian has died three days after she was hit by a lorry in Lisnaskea , County Fermanagh .
Paul MacMillan , 38 , is accused of causing serious injury to the 29-year-old officer in East Kilbride on Wednesday night . MacMillan , from Larkhall , was arrested after the incident in Ness Drive near the John Wright Sports Centre . He appeared at Hamilton Sheriff Court charged with road and drugs offences . He made no plea or declaration and was released on bail . He will appear in court at a later date .	A man has appeared in court charged with injuring a police officer by dangerous driving and failing to stop after the incident .
Ian McCall 's men had six different scorers - Ross Docherty , Craig McGuffie , Michael Moffat , Craig Moore , Andy Geggan and Declan McDaid . Ryan Sinnamon scored a late consolation for Annan as Ayr made it four wins out of four in Group E. Lee Erwin scored on his Kilmarnock debut as they beat Dumbarton 3-0 to qualify as one of the best runners-up . Ayr will now be seeded for Sunday 's draw , having scored 15 goals and conceded just three in an impressive start to the season , with 11 of those goals coming in their past two games . Kilmarnock will join their Ayrshire rivals in the second round after Chris Burke and debutant Erwin both scored their first goals for the club in the win at home to Dumbarton . Burke headed in Dom Thomas ' cross eight minutes into the second half , and ex-Motherwell winger Thomas was again the provider as Kris Boyd doubled the lead with another header . Erwin clipped in a third with a nick off the post 12 minutes from time .	Ayr United marched into the second round of the Scottish League Cup with a thumping 6-1 win over Annan Athletic .
James Hellewell used the hashtag # Rapetruck but claimed it was all `` a joke '' . But after complaints to West Yorkshire Police he was told to remove it . He agreed to take it down and tweeted that he did n't mean to cause offence . Total Fitness , where James Hellewell was a personal trainer , says it has ended all association with him . In a statement West Yorkshire Police told Newsbeat : `` It was clear that a number of people had found the image offensive and had been alarmed and distressed by it being displayed in public . '' The sticker caused a massive debate online . `` There 's a lot of people who seem to be applauding or amused by # rapetruck What is wrong with people ? Rape is not funny '' says @ NikkiBakes . Others on Twitter called it `` great banter '' . James Hellewell says it was his mum posing in the photo and was only ever meant to be a joke . Feminist campaign group Vagenda 's Twitter feed said : `` I 'd like to direct any man who has told me rape culture does n't exist to just go and have a look and a read of that . '' Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube	A personal trainer in Leeds has lost his freelance job at a gym after pasting a huge sticker of a bound and gagged woman onto the back of his pick-up truck .
At its peak , 35 firefighters were needed to bring the blaze in Upper Dock Street under control after getting a call just after 03:00 BST On Thursday . The building consists of a vape shop and two floors of offices and South Wales Fire and Rescue Service said the fire was out by about 07:15 . No-one was inside when the fire started , but police evacuated neighbouring buildings as a precaution . Firefighters remain at the scene and are damping down to prevent any reignition . The adjacent Kingsway , one of the main roads through the centre of Newport , was closed in both directions for several hours while the blaze was ongoing . Gwent Police said it had been reopened by 07:50 , but High Street and Skinner Street remain closed .	A large blaze at a three-storey building in Newport has been put out .
Hundreds of candidates were found to have cheated to gain admission to medical colleges between 2008 and 2013 . The Vyapam scandal has seen thousands of arrests and many mysterious deaths . Vyapam is the Hindi acronym for an office that conducts examinations for government jobs and medical school admissions in the state . In its verdict , the Supreme Court said the accused had engaged in `` acts of deceit '' and `` mass fraud '' . The scandal involved leaking question papers , rigging answer sheets and hiring bright students as impersonators to sit for candidates , as well as selling medical school seats to the highest bidder . Anything between 1m rupees ( $ 15,764 ; Â£10,168 ) and 7m rupees was paid for a seat , correspondents say . More than 2,000 people have been accused in connection with the scandal since 2012 . Some 33 people - mostly accused in connection with the scam - have died in the past three years , raising suspicions of foul play . It is not clear how many of the deaths are linked to the scandal .	India 's Supreme Court has cancelled the licenses of 634 doctors embroiled in a medical school admissions scandal in central Madhya Pradesh state .
The former New Orleans Saints defensive end was shot several times during an argument after a traffic accident in the city 's Lower Garden District . Cardell Hayes , 29 , has been charged with second-degree murder , New Orleans police said . Smith 's wife , Racquel , was also shot in the incident and taken to hospital . The couple have three children . A Hummer H2 crashed into the back of Smith 's Mercedes-Benz SUV at around 23:30 , police said , causing Smith 's vehicle to rear-end another car driven by one of his friends . Smith and the Hummer 's driver `` exchanged words '' before the man pulled out a gun and shot Smith a number of times , said police . `` We are thankful for the outpouring of support and prayers , '' a Smith family statement said . `` We ask that you continue to respect the family 's privacy as they grieve the loss of a devoted husband , father and friend . '' Smith , originally from Queens , New York , played for Ohio State 's 2002 national championship team and was part of the New Orleans Saints team that won the Super Bowl in 2009 .	A man has been charged with murdering American football player Will Smith in New Orleans on Saturday night .
The Conservatives and Labour were level on 36 seats while a recount was held in Chester 's two-seat Newton ward . Meanwhile Labour have retained control of Warrington Borough Council with 42 seats . Cheshire East remains a Conservative majority , with the party gaining a further two seats . To find out your election result , go to BBC Election 2015 .	Labour have taken control of Cheshire West and Chester Council from the Conservatives after a recount in the final ward .
Nazir Afzal has led several high-profile prosecutions , including ex-broadcaster Stuart Hall 's trial . The Manchester Evening News reported Mr Afzal was recently cleared of an allegation he sent a text message to a defendant in a court case . He told the paper the decision to leave was a `` long-planned move '' . A CPS spokesman said : `` We are continuing to reduce the number of staff employed across the organisation and Nazir Afzal is leaving the service as part of this on-going drive for efficiency . `` This is entirely unrelated to any issue of conduct and we are satisfied that there has been no impropriety on the part of Mr Afzal . ''	The Chief Crown Prosecutor for North West England is to step down as part of a savings push , the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said .
God Save the Queen is the national anthem for the UK as a whole but after today 's vote MPs have said that England should have its own anthem in the same way as Scotland and Wales . Scotland 's anthem is Flower of Scotland , while Welsh people sing Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau . Prime Minister David Cameron 's choice would be Jerusalem , which is popular among groups campaigning for England 's own anthem . Other choices include Land of Hope and Glory , I Vow To Thee My Country and There 'll Always Be an England - or an entirely new national anthem could be written . There 's plenty of time to think about it ; MPs will discuss it again in March before a final decision on whether to go ahead with a new anthem for England is made .	MPs have agreed that England should have its own national anthem after the question was put to a vote in the Houses of Parliament today .
A suicide bomber targeted the humanitarian organisation Care in the Shar-e-Naw area and gunmen then stormed the building , Tolo News TV reported . Police were exchanging fire with the attackers , the report added . Earlier , a series of blasts left at least 24 people dead and nearly 100 others wounded . An army general and two senior police officers were among the dead from those attacks , a ministry of defence spokesperson told the BBC . The Taliban , who have carried out frequent attacks in Kabul , said they were responsible for the blasts . In the latest incident , a car bomb was detonated at the gate of the compound , officials say . A police spokesman told the BBC that six other people were wounded , and that 31 people have been rescued from the building . Traffic was blocked in several parts of the city and schools were closed .	At least one person has been killed in an attack on the offices of an international charity in the centre of the Afghan capital , Kabul , reports say .
Atapuma pulled away from the field 6km from the end of the 126km leg to Cari , with Warren Barguil finishing second . Frenchman Pierre-Roger Latour was third to take the overall lead , five seconds ahead of Welshman Thomas . Thursday 's sixth stage , which takes the race 162.8km to Amden , should also favour the climbers . The race finishes in Davos on Sunday . 1 . Pierre-Roger Latour ( Fra/AG2R La Mondiale ) 18hrs 4mins 54secs 2 . Wilco Kelderman ( Ned/Team LottoNl-Jumbo ) same time 3 . Geraint Thomas ( GB/Team Sky ) +5secs 4 . Warren Barguil ( Fra/Team Giant-Alpecin ) +16secs 5 . Tejay Van Garderen ( USA/BMC Racing Team ) +18secs	Briton Geraint Thomas moved into third place at the Tour de Suisse as he finished sixth behind Colombia 's Darwin Atapuma on Wednesday 's fifth stage .
Three men entered Granton Post Office on Granton Mains Avenue at about 09:00 and threatened staff with a bladed weapon before stealing a sum of money . They fled the scene in a black Mini Cooper with the registration number SM15 UXB . Detectives urged anyone with information to contact them . One of the suspects was described as white , in his early 20s and wore a grey tracksuit , black puffa jacket with a tracksuit top underneath , black trainers with white soles and black gloves . Det Sgt Robbie Wallace said : `` Crimes of this nature are rare for Edinburgh and an extensive investigation is now underway to trace those responsible . `` No-one was injured in this incident however staff members within the shop were left badly shaken . `` At this time we 're pursuing all lines of inquiry and I urge anyone with relevant information to come forward . ''	One man has been detained and police are looking for two others in connection with an armed robbery in Edinburgh .
Anna-Marie Strachan , 29 , is alleged to have lost control of her car on the A90 near Rathen in July 2014 . The driver of the other vehicle involved , James Thomson , 73 , was taken to hospital but died . The trial is being held at the High Court in Aberdeen . Mr Thomson 's wife was also injured , as well as two young children travelling in Mrs Strachan 's car . The accused denies causing Fraserburgh man Mr Thomson 's death and injuring the three other casualties .	A woman has gone on trial accused of causing a pensioner 's death while driving dangerously after taking prescription drugs and holding her mobile phone .
Norwood , 23 , began his career at Manchester United and had loan spells at Carlisle , Scunthorpe , Coventry before joining Huddersfield in 2012 . The Northern Ireland international made 90 appearances for Town , but has now joined the Royals on a three-year deal . `` It feels great to be here and these are really exciting times for me , '' Norwood told the Reading website . `` The manager ( Nigel Adkins ) was a big factor in me signing , with his energy , positivity and the way he wants to play football . `` That was a massive plus and it was music to my ears that he wants to get the ball down and pass . ''	Reading have signed midfielder Oliver Norwood from Championship rivals Huddersfield for an undisclosed fee .
Reece Burton , 25 , was attending the North London Clinic in Edmonton , Enfield on permitted ground leave when he absconded on 20 November . He had earlier been convicted of grievous bodily harm with intent and the Met Police issued warnings he was dangerous . Burton was found in the Chelmsford area on Friday , Met Police said . `` Burton has now been returned to custody where he will no longer pose a threat to the public or himself , '' Det Supt Simon Warwick of the Met Police said .	A `` dangerous '' psychiatric patient who absconded from a London clinic has been found after a police manhunt .
The woman was with her daughters , aged 11 and 16 , when they were attacked on the U1 bus in Uxbridge , on 8 August . The men , who were with three others , boarded the bus at Crown Walk at 19:45 GMT before getting into an argument with the mother over seating . The pair punched the woman and her elder daughter , and racially abused all three of them . None of the victims needed hospital treatment for their injuries . Police described the two men as white and aged between 16 and 20 years old and said one was bare-chested at the time . The other suspect spoke with a strong Irish accent .	Police are searching for two men who racially assaulted a 40-year-old woman and her daughter on a west London bus .
Chasing 283 , Notts lost Riki Wessels lbw first ball to Alfonso Thomas . But fine half-centuries from captain James Taylor ( 51 ) and Brendan Taylor ( 62 ) , and 42 not out from Steven Mullaney saw the visitors to 285-6 . In the Sussex innings , openers Chris Nash ( 49 ) and Luke Wright ( 40 ) shared a stand of 96 , but nobody could go beyond fifty as they reached 282-9 . Jake Ball claimed 4-47 for the visitors , while Chris Read took six catches behind the stumps , including all of seamer Ball 's wickets . After the dismissal of Wessels in the Nottinghamshire chase , James Taylor took the attack to the bowlers hitting eight fours and a six in his 43-ball innings , as they raced to 114-2 in the 14th over . Wickets fell at regular intervals once the skipper was out , but Mullaney and Read ( 22 not out ) calmly saw their side home with 22 balls to spare .	A solid batting display from Nottinghamshire 's middle-order set up a four-wicket win over Sussex at Hove .
Back-rower Kalamafoni , 29 , and flanker Ryan , 27 , will be joined by Joe Ford , 26 , and Jonah Holmes , 24 , who have been signed from Yorkshire Carnegie . Fly-half Ford is the brother of Leicester 's England star George . The versatile Holmes began his career at Wasps , while Ryan has made one appearance for Ireland , in 2014 . Kalamafoni has played in two World Cups for Tonga and made more than 100 appearances during his five-year stay at Gloucester . `` It is now time for a new challenge in my career and I 'm delighted to be able to sign for Leicester Tigers , '' said Kalamafoni . `` It is obviously a big club with a lot of history and I 'm looking forward to playing my part there . ''	Leicester Tigers have agreed the signings of Tonga international Sione Kalamafoni from Gloucester and Ireland 's Dominic Ryan from Leinster .
The 52-year-old Scot went into the final day one stroke off the lead and carded a flawless round of 66 . However , Maggert , 51 , rolled in six birdies in a 65 to finish 10 under par for the tournament for a two-shot win . Bernhard Langer , the 54-hole co-leader , shot a 68 to finish in a tie for third with New Zealand 's Grant Waite . Of the last eight senior majors , Maggert has now won two , while former European Ryder Cup captains Montgomerie and Langer have won three each . `` I had a lot of good runs in the US Open over the years and probably lacked a little maturity to pull it off , '' said Maggert , who had 13 top-10 finishes in majors in more than 20 years on the PGA Tour . `` But certainly , now that I 'm an old guy , I 've learned a lot and was able to just steady myself and play well . ''	Defending champion Colin Montgomerie finished second behind American Jeff Maggert at the US Senior Open at Del Paso Country Club in Sacramento .
The council said an external supplier who prints and posts the bills had taken `` full responsibility '' for the error . Neither the tax payer nor the council would pay for the extra postage , it said . The authority said it was investigating how many duplicate bills had been sent out . Read more on this story as it develops throughout the day on our Local Live pages Geoff Brown , the council 's Cabinet member for Communities , said : `` We will continue to liaise with the company over this error but in the meantime please be reassured that residents and businesses are only being billed once , so please ignore any duplicate bills received . ''	Cornwall Council has apologised after some people received more than one copy of their council tax bill .
The 25-year-old is the Tangerines ' first signing since they won promotion back to the third tier by beating Exeter in the play-off final in May . Tilt joined Wrexham last summer from AFC Telford but ended 2016-17 on loan at Forest Green Rovers and helped them win promotion to League Two . The deal also includes a one-year option at end of his initial two years . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Blackpool have signed Wrexham defender Curtis Tilt on a two-year deal .
Vidot joined the Super League side this winter on a two-year contract from Brisbane Broncos , but damaged a shoulder in pre-season training . The Samoa international has undergone surgery and the Red Devils expect him to be out for two to three months . Meanwhile , owner Marwan Koukash has taken on the chief executive role after Martin Vickers ' exit .	Salford Red Devils winger Daniel Vidot could miss up to three months of the new season because of injury .
Firefighters cut the woman free from her vehicle on the eastbound carriageway between Pencoed and Miskin just before 18:00 GMT on Friday . Police said she was being treated at Princess of Wales Hospital in Bridgend for head and spinal injuries . The M4 eastbound was closed for investigations to take place and has since reopened . Anyone who witnessed the incident involving a white Citroen has been asked to contact police on 101 .	A woman , 26 , remains in hospital after her car rolled 20m ( 65ft ) down an embankment on the M4 motorway .
The 28-year-old was jailed for six years last March for sexually touching and grooming a 15-year-old schoolgirl . He was later refused leave to appeal his conviction and sentence , but launched a second bid late last year . A panel of three judges reserved its decision on the new application at the Appeal Court earlier . A decision will now be made at a future date . Johnson was found guilty of sexual touching , but not guilty on a charge relating to another sexual act . The former Sunderland player had previously admitted grooming the girl and one charge of sexual activity .	Disgraced ex-England footballer Adam Johnson will have to wait to learn whether a fresh appeal against his child sex conviction has been allowed .
For the three months to 31 July , HP said net income fell to $ 854m ( Â£544m ) down from $ 985m a year earlier . Total revenue fell 8.1 % to $ 25.35bn , with revenues at HP 's personal computer and printer business down 11.5 % . Later this year , HP is due to split into two , separating its computer and printer business from its corporate hardware and services operations . The split is part of a radical restructuring plan , which has already resulted in tens of thousands of job cuts in recent years . Revenues at HP 's personal computer business were down 13 % , with revenues from sales to consumers down 22 % . HP also gave a full-year profit forecast that was largely below what analysts had expected . For the year to October , it is predicting adjusted profit of $ 3.59- $ 3.65 per share , compared with analysts ' estimates of $ 3.64 per share .	Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has reported falling profits and revenues as sales of personal computers fall .
Media playback is not supported on this device Victory over Belgium in November 's final saw Britain win the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936 . Captain Leon Smith guided Britain from the third tier to glory in five years . British number one Andy Murray played a key role , alongside his brother Jamie , Kyle Edmund , James Ward , Dom Inglot and Dan Evans . Andy Murray , 28 , won 11 of 12 points during Britain 's successful campaign . The award was presented by former pentathlete and 1972 Sports Personality of the Year winner Dame Mary Peters , and Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill . Captain Leon Smith said : `` It is hugely humbling , it is very prestigious . It has been 79 years since we last won the Davis Cup , let 's hope it does n't take another 79 years . `` I hope what it has achieved is we get a lasting legacy for tennis . '' Murray joins American John McEnroe and Swede Mats Wilander as the only men to have an 8-0 singles record in a Davis Cup year . In the doubles he is only the fourth man to win 11 rubbers in a single year .	Great Britain 's triumphant Davis Cup side won the Team of the Year award at the BBC Sports Personality of the Year show .
Media playback is not supported on this device Better known in the blogosphere as Challenge Sophie , the non-athlete turned fitness motivator has some tips on getting active on your own terms . Here are some handy tips on how to use your park as your fitness suite . Looking for a new challenge to help you get moving ? Visit BBC Make Your Move and start getting active . Alternatively , you can go to the Get Inspired Activity Guides for information on how to get started in a range of sports and activities .	`` Getting active does n't always have to be something that is extreme , '' says endurance athlete and adventurer Sophie Radcliffe .
Martin Hughes , 51 , was injured in Woodhouse Park near to the Robinswood Road Metrolink stop in Wythenshawe at about 07:00 GMT . He was treated at the scene by the ambulance service but died a short time later . An investigation is under way to establish the circumstances . Metrolink services to Manchester Airport were suspended for several hours . In a tribute , Mr Hughes ' brothers said : `` Martin was a great lover of the outdoors and loved going for long walks in the countryside and hills around Greater Manchester and beyond , he was also a keen cyclist . `` We are all devastated that he has been taken from us so suddenly . '' Peter Cushing , Transport for Greater Manchester 's Metrolink director , said a `` thorough operational investigation '' has begun and the driver and staff were being supported .	A cyclist has died following a crash with a tram in Manchester .
Project Propeller , which is in its 19th year , saw the veterans being flown in to Staverton by 120 volunteer pilots in private light aircraft . Air Operations Manager Graham Cowie said : `` It 's a privilege and honour to be part of it all . '' One of the veterans is 101-year-old Mary Ellis , who was being flown in from Sandown on the Isle of Wight . Gloucestershire Airport was an RAF base before it became a commercial airfield . Mrs Ellis is one of the last surviving former pilots of the Air Transport Auxiliary ( ATA ) . She delivered Spitfires and bombers during World War Two . Other veterans taking part are three ex-prisoners of war ( POW ) who took part in the Long March , when the Nazis force-marched 10,000 allied POWs to avoid them being liberated by the advancing Russian forces .	More than 180 veterans are flying into Gloucestershire Airport to take part in reunion event .
Passengers said they had endured limited amounts of food and backed-up toilets during the three nights they spent adrift in the Pacific Ocean . The Carnival Splendor was 200 miles ( 310km ) from San Diego when the fire broke out in its engine room on Monday . `` I love being back on land , '' passenger Ken King told the Associated Press . The 952ft ( 290m ) ship , which is owned by Carnival Cruise Lines , was pulled into San Diego Bay at about 0830 local time ( 1630 GMT ) by six tugboats and escorted by several Coast Guard vessels . Individuals on the ship and about 100 people onshore cheered loudly as the Carnival Splendor reached land . By mid-afternoon on Thursday , about 2,500 passengers had disembarked the ship , which a Carnival Cruise Lines official said was better than anticipated . The evacuation of the passengers and crew was slowed by disabled elevators . `` The staff was excellent . Only a few people on board were rude . The food was horrible . Starting at 5am on Monday , we did n't have toilets for 13 hours , '' Mr King said . The cruise line has promised to refund the passengers ' fares , reimburse them for their travel costs and give them a voucher for another cruise .	A disabled cruise ship that caught fire off the coast of Mexico has arrived in San Diego and disembarked its 4,500 passengers and crew .
The 29-year-old joins New Zealand pair Julian Savea and Brodie Retallick , and South African duo Willie Le Roux and Duane Vermeulen on the shortlist . Keith Wood , in 2001 , is the only Irishman to have won the award . Wales ' Shane Williams was the last home nations player to win , in 2008 , while England 's Jonny Wilkinson won in 2003 . The panel that selected the shortlist was chaired by Australia 's 1999 World Cup-winning captain John Eales and included the likes of ex-England centre Will Greenwood , former Scotland captain Gavin Hastings , ex-Wales number eight Scott Quinnell and former Ireland prop Paul Wallace . They reviewed every major Test played in 2014 up until the present day and Eales said selecting the winner would not be an easy task . `` With a spread of a couple of outside backs , a fly-half , a back-rower and a lock in contention it is not going to be an easy selection to determine the Player of the Year , '' said Eales . Fans can vote on who they think should win via social media and the results of the public vote will be considered by the panel when finalising the winner , who will be revealed at their nation 's final match of 2014 .	Ireland fly-half Jonathan Sexton is one of five nominees for the International Rugby Board World Player of the Year Award .
The fishermen said they had been adrift at sea for 30 days after their boat ran out of petrol . They said the currents carried them north from the waters off Ecuador to Mexico . Doctors said the four were dehydrated . It is not clear what they lived off while adrift . Navy personnel carrying out a routine night flight spotted their boat 260km ( 162 miles ) off the coast of Chiapas . The four said they had sailed from the port of Esmeraldas in Ecuador on 24 September and had run out of fuel on 1 October . Currents have been known to carry castaways for thousands of kilometres . In 2006 , three Mexican fishermen were rescued off the Marshall Islands in the Pacific after what they said was about nine months drifting across the Pacific Ocean . And in February 2014 a Salvadorian castaway was rescued also off the Marshall Islands more than a year after he said he sailed in a fibreglass boat from Mexico .	The Mexican navy has rescued two Colombian and two Ecuadorean fishermen off the coast of the southern state of Chiapas .
He shot April Jace , 40 , in the back and then twice in the legs at their family home in May 2014 , while the couple 's young children were present . Jace 's son , now 10 , told the court he heard his father say : `` If you like running then run to heaven , '' before firing the second time . Jace will be sentenced on 10 June and could face up to 40 years in prison . Deputy District Attorney Tannaz Mokayef said during the trial that the actor was upset that his wife wanted a divorce and believed she was having an affair , although no evidence was presented to support this . Jace waited for her to come home and shot her before calling police . He later told detectives that he had planned to kill himself but could not go through with it and so instead planned to shoot his wife , a keen runner , in the leg so she would feel pain . The 53-year-old actor played Detective Julien Lowe in police drama The Shield . He also had small roles in films such as Planet of the Apes , Boogie Nights and Forrest Gump .	A court in Los Angeles has found The Shield actor Michael Jace guilty of murdering his wife .
The victim , aged in his 30s , was shot at an address in Forum Court last week . He has since been treated in hospital . Frank Warren , 51 , of Victoria Road , Dorchester , Dorset , is due to appear before magistrates later . Simon Webber , 31 , of Sydenham Close , Bridgwater , Somerset , who was charged earlier this week , will next appear at Ipswich Crown Court on 25 August . Three men and two women from the Dorchester and Needham Market areas are currently on police bail pending further enquiries .	A second man has been charged with conspiracy to murder after a man was shot in the stomach in Bury St Edmunds .
The Blues were reported to have offered £35m for the 21-year-old . Italy Under-21 international Romagnoli joined Milan from Roma for £21.25m last summer . `` The player is not for sale , therefore this negotiation will not continue , '' read a statement on the Rossoneri 's website . Romagnoli made his Serie A debut aged 17 and has made 77 senior appearances for Roma , Milan and Sampdoria . Chelsea manager Antonio Conte , a former Juventus and Italy boss , has so far signed midfielder N'Golo Kante from Leicester and Marseille striker Michy Batshuayi .	AC Milan have rejected a `` significant '' bid from Chelsea for defender Alessio Romagnoli , and say the player is not for sale .
The boy was struck on Dalmarnock Road at about 15:10 . He has been taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital . There is no update on his condition . The road was closed between Dunn Street and Muslin Street for an accident investigation to be carried out .	A 10-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Glasgow on Saturday .
Danny Whitehead gave the visitors the lead as he calmly slotted home his shot into the bottom left-hand corner . The home side were awarded a penalty before the break as Reece Styche fouled Jason Walker with the latter firing home the spot kick . Ben Tomlinson 's late header nearly won it for Barrow in stoppage time but Macclesfield held on for the draw .	National League mid-table sides Barrow and Macclesfield played out an entertaining draw at Holker Street .
The Englishman racked up breaks of 78 , 75 , 62 and 139 as Dott managed a total of just 21 points . O'Sullivan will face Luca Brecel in the last eight after the Belgian beat Mike Dunn of England 5-3 . English 2005 world champion Shaun Murphy will play Zhou Yuelong of China after beating Scot Stephen Maguire 5-0 . World number eight Murphy is the highest-ranked player left in the event after the top six all lost on Friday and Australian world number seven Neil Robertson was beaten in the first round . Two-time world champion Mark Williams of Wales beat England 's Tom Ford 5-3 to set up a quarter-final against home favourite Li Hang , who edged past Welshman Matthew Stevens 5-4 . Ali Carter won an all-English tie against Mark Davis 5-1 and will take on Irishman Fergal O'Brien , the 5-4 winner of a lengthy battle with Alan McManus of Scotland .	Five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan reached the quarter-finals of the China Championship with a 5-0 thrashing of Scotland 's Graeme Dott .
The pair , who led the Dons to Scottish League Cup success in 2014 , have signed deals until 2019 . `` I do n't want our tenure with Aberdeen to be remembered for having lifted one trophy , '' said former Scotland international McInnes , 43 . `` While we 've achieved some progress , we still have a long way to go . '' McInnes , who took up the reins at Pittodrie in March 2013 , will sign the contract once he returns from holiday next week . He added : `` Tony and I are totally committed to bringing as much success as we possibly can to this club and , while we 've already achieved some progress , we still have a long way to go . `` This is a great club , with great fans and a fantastic squad of players and I 'm looking forward to what promises to be an exciting season ahead . '' Aberdeen chairman Stewart Milne said the news was a welcome boost for the club 's supporters . `` Derek and Tony have made tremendous progress in the two years they have been here and I 'm absolutely delighted that they want to remain to see through the job that they 've started , '' Milne added .	Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes is targeting further silverware after he and assistant Tony Docherty agreed contract extensions .
Organisers of Waterfest Weymouth said they wanted to hold a heritage boat race between the Dorset resort and Falmouth in Cornwall , which could not be achieved by September . Therefore , they are `` postponing '' the free event until next year . It has previously attracted about 5,000 people each year . Waterfest , which is usually held in and around the harbour within the first two weeks of September , was organised by Roger Dalton Associates , event sponsors and Weymouth Business Improvement District ( BID ) . Previous highlights have included flyboarding displays , the tall ship Le Marite and the Gipsy Moth IV , which Sir Francis Chichester used to circumnavigated the globe in 1967 . Nigel Reed , manager of Weymouth BID , said in reviewing the event the idea of a heritage boat race `` stood far above the rest '' . Describing it as a `` mini tall ships event '' , he said it would be a `` first for Weymouth '' . `` To deliver this in 2017 is not feasible in securing all the elements , but the commitment from the heritage boat fraternity is strong for 2018 , '' he added . Weymouth Regatta 2017 is unaffected and will run from 2-3 September .	A maritime festival held on the Jurassic Coast for the past three years will not go ahead this summer .
Follow the links to read reports , quotes and stats . Premier League Man City 2-1 Leicester City Bournemouth 2-1 Burnley Middlesbrough 1-2 Southampton Sunderland 0-2 Swansea City Stoke 1-4 Arsenal Scottish Premiership Rangers 2-1 Hearts Dundee 1-1 Ross County Hamilton Academical 0-1 Motherwell Kilmarnock 2-1 Inverness Caledonian Thistle St Johnstone 1-0 Partick Thistle Championship Fulham 1-1 Reading Premier League Crystal Palace 4-0 Hull City West Ham 0-4 Liverpool Tottenham 2-1 Man Utd Championship play-off Huddersfield 0-0 Sheffield Wednesday	Hull City were relegated from the Premier League after a weekend of high drama as the season edges towards a close .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 31-year-old scored 15.691 points , with Russian Denis Ablyazin taking silver with 15.516 and Kenzo Shirai of Japan securing bronze with 15.449 . Shirai finished with the same score as Romanian Marian Dragulescu but took the medal due to a higher execution score . South Korea 's Hak Seon-yang won gold at London 2012 but missed the Rio Games after tearing his Achilles in March . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	North Korea won a second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as world champion Ri Se-gwang triumphed in the men 's vault .
Magoffin had initially been expected to be out for six weeks after suffering the injury in a Championship game against Worcestershire . The 37-year-old had been playing only his second game of the season , having missed three games with a knee injury . `` It 's been an incredibly frustrating year for me this season for lots of reasons , '' he told BBC Sussex . `` I 've got the moon-boot on now , I 've had it on for about three weeks , probably another few weeks to go . `` Then I can start building up after that and look to be okay for the back end of the season in September when there 's still four Championship games left . ''	Sussex seamer Steve Magoffin expects to be out until September with an Achilles injury suffered in June .
The musician , from Dumfries , made his first appearance in 2014 with an estimated fortune of £30m . The latest figures put his wealth at £95m which puts him at 27th position on the music millionaires top 50 . The list is topped by Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell with a joint fortune of £760m . Ian Coxon , who has edited The Sunday Times Rich Lists for 20 years , said : `` Calvin is a surprise - he 's so successful and gets paid so well . `` People get in fashion and have a great success . `` I do n't know whether his success will continue at quite the same rate . '' The music millionaires list has been released ahead of the annual Sunday Times Rich List which will be published this weekend .	Scottish DJ Calvin Harris has seen his wealth more than treble in the last two years according to the Sunday Times Rich List .
Cancer Research UK said some people are waiting too long for test results which determine whether they have cancer . About 19,000 people a year are diagnosed with cancer in Wales , a rise of about 14 % in the decade to 2014 . A Welsh Government spokesman said an updated cancer delivery plan would be published in November . The charity 's chief executive , Sir Harpal Kumar , said : `` This report paints a worrying picture , from cancer experts , of NHS cancer services in Wales reaching a tipping point . `` Whilst there have been notable improvements in cancer care , with more people surviving than ever before , we are a long way from where we should be . '' Cancer Research UK 's report said treatment waiting times were a `` critical issue '' which needed urgent attention . Researchers also found the availability of modern radiotherapy treatment was patchy and access often determined by where a patient lives in Wales . The Welsh Government spokesman said : `` We are pleased Cancer Research UK recognises the huge strides made in cancer care in Wales . `` There are now more people than ever before surviving cancer and we are committed to building on this progress . ''	Cancer services in Wales are reaching a tipping point and a new plan is needed to cope with growing numbers of people being diagnosed , a charity has said .
New figures from the Electoral Commission covering the 11 largest parties show £24.8m was given to the Tories from April to June , more than double Labour 's £9.4m . The Lib Dems were given £4.3m . The total was £9.4m more than the previous highest quarter on record . The previous record quarter coincided with the 2015 general election . The biggest donor over the three-month period covering the 2017 general election campaign was the Unite union - which gave £4.1m to Labour - followed by the construction vehicle manufacturer JCB , which donated £1.5m to the Tories . Former Conservative Party deputy chairman Lord Ashcroft , who said last year that he would start donating to the Tories again having fallen out with former leader David Cameron , gave £500,000 . Electoral Commission director of political finance and regulation Bob Posner said : `` The snap general election prompted political parties to raise record-breaking sums in the second quarter of 2017 . `` The reporting and publication of this data is key to providing voters with transparency about how political parties financed their general election campaigns . ''	Political parties were given a record £40.1m in donations ahead of June 's general election - and the Conservatives received more than all their rivals combined .
The development includes three wind farms and up to 332 turbines and will be 64 miles off Hornsea . Energy Secretary Ed Davey said the Hornsea Project One scheme would create 2,500 local jobs and bring millions of pounds into the UK economy . It is expected to be start operating by the year 2020 . The project is a joint venture between Mainstream Renewable Power , Siemens Project Ventures GmBH and Dong Energy . Consent for the scheme has been given on the condition that it has an employment and skills plan approved by North Lincolnshire Council , including local advertising of jobs and supply chain opportunities . Friends of the Earth campaigner Simon Bowens said it was `` fantastic news for the blossoming offshore wind industry on the North Sea coast '' . `` The UK could be an offshore wind powerhouse , but the Government must show much greater ambition if we are to reap the full benefits and continue to drive down costs in the years ahead . ''	Plans for a huge offshore wind farm project off the East Yorkshire coast has been given the green light by the government .
The Celtic forward joined Hibs on an emergency loan last month - an arrangement that ends on Sunday . Commons , 33 , scored the winner as Lennon 's side won 1-0 at Dumbarton to go six points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship . `` Kris will be the main talking point for the next few days , '' Lennon told BBC Scotland . `` He 's brilliant , he can be on the periphery of games at times , I do n't think he 's been as fully fit as we would like him to be because it 's been such a short period of time , but he 's still a class player and he 's popped up with another important goal for us . `` We have n't really touched on [ Commons ' future ] yet . On Monday we 'll talk about it , and see how Kris is feeling as well . He 's a player we 'd like to keep hold of , but finances will dictate that . `` Our squad 's still thin . We need to add a body or two and we 're looking to bring one more player in . Regardless of whether Kris stays or not , we 've got the likes of James Keatings , Andrew Shinnie to occupy that position . ''	Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon intends to discuss Kris Commons ' future on Monday .
Stockdale , 31 , played in all but one of the Seagulls ' Championship games this season as they finished second . Fellow keeper Niki Maenpaa , 32 , full-back Gaetan Bong , 29 , and experienced midfielder Steve Sidwell , 34 , have also been offered new deals at the Amex . Defender Vegard Forren , 29 , and striker Chris O'Grady , 31 , have been released . O'Grady spent the whole of the 2016-17 season on loan at Burton Albion , while Norway international centre-back Forren failed to make a first-team appearance after joining in March . Brighton have also extended 25-year-old midfielder Richie Towell 's deal to 2019 . `` We hope the four players we have offered new contracts will be with us next season for our first season in the Premier League , '' manager Chris Hughton told the club website . Meanwhile , third-choice goalkeeper Casper Ankergren will be offered a new backroom role with the club .	Promoted Brighton have offered new contracts to goalkeeper David Stockdale and three others ahead of their 2017-18 Premier League campaign .
It means Albert Woodfox 's release has been moved from Tuesday evening to , at the earliest , Friday afternoon . A judge had ordered the 68-year-old to walk free , after his murder conviction was twice overturned . But the attorney general said prosecutors would appeal `` to make sure this murderer stays in prison '' . The state now has until Friday afternoon to explain why he should continue to be held in jail . Woodfox has been in solitary confinement since April 1972 , after he was blamed for the death of a guard during a prison riot . He was tried twice for the guard 's death , but both convictions were later overturned . He denies all the charges . Confined for 23 hours a day , he had only one hour outside his cell to `` walk alone along the tier on which his cell is located '' , according to court documents from a case challenging his prison conditions . Exercise was permitted three times a week and there were restrictions on `` personal property , reading materials , access to legal resources , work , and visitation rights '' . Sources : ACLU , Bureau of Justice Statistics . Solitarywatch.com , Louisiana Prison Watch How do you survive solitary confinement ?	The release of a man who has spent more than four decades in solitary confinement will now be delayed after a request by Louisiana 's top lawyer .
Pictures posted online showed the car on its right side on an Arizona street , next to another badly damaged vehicle . The car - a Volvo SUV - was in self-driving mode at the time of the crash , on Friday , Uber said . No one was hurt . A spokeswoman for the police in Tempe , Arizona said the accident occurred when another vehicle `` failed to yield '' to the Uber car at a left turn . `` There was a person behind the wheel . It is uncertain at this time if they were controlling the vehicle at the time of the collision , '' spokeswoman Josie Montenegro said . Uber 's self-driving cars always have a human in the driving seat who can take over the controls . The company pulled its self-driving vehicles off the road in Arizona at first , followed by test sites in Pennsylvania and California - all three states where it operated the vehicles . The incident follows a tumultuous few weeks for the car-hailing app service , after several negative stories about workplace practices and ethics . A number of executives have quit in recent weeks , including the president , Jeff Jones .	Uber has pulled its self-driving cars from the roads after an accident which left one of the vehicles on its side .
Denbighshire will cut its 530-mile ( 853km ) salting run by 27 miles ( 43km ) after a review of the service . Councillor David Smith , cabinet lead for environment , said the authority had decided to `` rationalise '' the number of roads salted while setting its budget . `` In almost all locations there is a suitable , parallel road close by that will still be treated , '' he added .	The length of roads to be gritted in Denbighshire will be reduced this winter , the council has said .
The three-month-old girl was discovered in Stratford at 10:20 BST on Wednesday . She was pronounced dead in hospital . Rosalin Baker , 25 , and Jeffrey Wiltshire , 52 , both of East Ham , will appear at Thames Magistrates ' Court . They have also been charged with causing or allowing the death of or serious physical harm to a child , and child neglect , Scotland Yard said . A post-mortem examination determined the cause of death was a head injury , police said .	A man and a woman have been charged with the murder of a baby who was found unresponsive on a London bus .
Kaikai scored five goals in 14 League One games for Shrewsbury earlier this term after joining on a four-month loan deal in September . The 20-year-old has made one appearance for Premier League club Palace , but has not featured this season . `` We have got a really talented player in the building , '' Shrewsbury manager Micky Mellon told BBC Radio Shropshire . `` He 's still our top goalscorer- that 's how valuable he was to us . `` He 's a good kid , he was very , very keen to come back . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Shrewsbury Town have re-signed winger Sullay Kaikai on loan from Crystal Palace until the end of the season .
Midfielder Bostwick , 29 , was placed on the transfer list by League One Posh at the end of last season and has signed a two-year contract at Sincil Bank . Winger Anderson , 20 , spent last season on loan with the Imps and has agreed a three-year deal . The pair could face their former club in a friendly on Saturday . Lincoln boss Danny Cowley told the club website : `` Very infrequently I am surprised by football . But I have to admit that to acquire the signature of Michael Bostwick was beyond my wildest expectations for our football club . `` To be able to bring in a top League One player who won various individual awards at Peterborough last year represents outstanding business on our part . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two newcomers Lincoln City have completed the double signing of Peterborough pair Michael Bostwick and Harry Anderson for an undisclosed fee .
Oliver Appleby and Sarah Delf , both 24 , died at the scene of the crash on the A140 at Yaxley , Suffolk just before 20:30 GMT on 15 November . In a statement , the families described them as `` popular '' and said they were `` devoted '' to each other . The couple from Norwich were driving a blue Mazda which collided with a lorry . The lorry driver had minor injuries . In a statement , Miss Delf 's family said she was a `` much loved daughter , sister , adored member of the family , devoted girlfriend to Oliver Appleby , and a dedicated friend to many '' . `` Sarah was beautiful in every sense of the word , '' the family said . `` She loved life , and lived hers to the full . `` Our hearts feel empty because she has gone but resonate with the love we shared for her and the lasting memories she has left behind . '' Mr Appleby 's family said ; `` He was a bright , enthusiastic young man with a heart of gold . `` He always put others first and doted on his beautiful girlfriend Sarah . `` Spending five happy years together , they were inseparable . ''	Tributes have been paid to an `` inseparable '' couple who died together in a road collision .
On Tuesday this week , exchange desks at two airports were offering just 99 euro cents for a pound , according to foreign currency specialists Caxton FX . MoneyCorp at Stansted was offering €0.9915 , while ICE 's rate at Luton was €0.990 . The pound hit its lowest level in three years on Monday . Sterling has recovered slightly since then , on the back of news about rising inflation in the UK . Nevertheless , the value of the pound has fallen by 12 % against the euro since the vote to leave the EU , and about 10 % against the US dollar . `` An already weak pound has faced additional woes recently , due to increased stimulus measures and disappointing data from the UK , '' said Alexandra Russell-Oliver , an analyst with Caxton FX . On Wednesday , several supermarkets were offering €1.13 to the pound .	For the first time in at least three years , British holidaymakers have found that a pound buys less than a euro at some bureaux de change .
At least three families at a military base in Quebec have been targeted , according to the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . One woman was reportedly told her husband had been killed by a bomb . Police say those responsible could face jail time if caught . Canadian Forces always deliver news of a soldier 's death in person , National Defence spokeswoman Chantale Le Bouthillier told AFP news agency . `` Military personnel should not be needlessly worried about their families when they are fighting for our country in far away lands , '' said Defence Minister Peter MacKay , adding that the imposters responsible for the calls were `` insensitive , amoral and disgusting '' . He added : `` It is our hope that the perpetrators of this despicable action are brought to justice . '' A family centre at the Canadian Forces Base Valcartier in Quebec has offered counselling to those who have been targeted by the phoney calls . The news follows last week 's announcement by Canadian government ministers that the country would send up to 950 military trainers to Afghanistan after its combat troops leave the country next year . Canada has nearly 3,000 troops in Afghanistan . The country has come under international pressure not to pull out at a time when the US is boosting its military commitment .	Canadian military police are investigating fake calls to families of soldiers in Afghanistan claiming their relative has died in combat , authorities have said .
Media playback is not supported on this device Klopp said the Reds are not `` a selling club '' following reports they rejected a £72m bid for the Brazilian in July . It comes amid news Barcelona are considering reporting Paris St-Germain over their pursuit of forward Neymar , who has a £198m release clause . `` If you say he is not available to be sold , where is the interpretation ? '' Klopp reiterated on Monday . `` The word 'not ' means there is no interpretation . There is nothing new . '' Coutinho , 25 , captained Liverpool to a 3-0 friendly victory over Hertha Berlin on Saturday and is set to feature against Bayern Munich in the Audi Cup on Tuesday . He scored 14 goals last season , having spent six weeks out with an ankle injury , and signed a five-year deal with the Reds in January . It was the Brazil international 's most productive season since he arrived at Anfield from Inter Milan for £8.5m in January 2013 .	Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho is not for sale , despite interest from Barcelona , says manager Jurgen Klopp .
Jonathan Thomson-Glover , 54 , of Wadebridge in Cornwall has charged with six offences , police said . The offences were allegedly committed in Wadebridge and around the country in the 1980s and early 1990s . Devon and Cornwall Police said the alleged victims were not former pupils of Clifton College in Bristol where Mr Thomson-Glover was a teacher . The force also said he was not teaching there when the alleged offences happened . Mr Thompson-Glover will appear at Bodmin Magistrates Court on 2 June charged with five counts of gross indecency with a boy under 14 and one count of inciting a boy under 14 to commit an act of gross indecency .	A former teacher has been charged with sex offences against two boys aged under 14 .
Ledson , 19 , made one senior appearance for the Toffees in the Europa League against FK Krasnodar in 2014 and has been capped by England Under-19s . He spent the second half of last season on loan at Cambridge United . `` To move away from Everton is a massive step , but I 've got to do what 's right , '' Ledson told BBC Radio Oxford . `` I 'm looking forward to getting started . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Oxford United have signed Everton midfielder Ryan Ledson on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The 29-year-old made 15 Super League appearances for the Wildcats last season and helped them retain their top-flight status , but he is now a free agent . He previously spent time playing rugby union with Premiership side Newcastle Falcons in 2014-15 . Lee Radford 's Hull FC side finished eighth in Super League last season .	Former Leeds Rhinos and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats utility back Lee Smith is training with Hull FC .
A total of nine appliances were sent to deal with the blaze at Craigower Hill , near Pitlochry . The nearby Pitlochry Golf Course road was closed as a precaution after the fire was reported at lunchtime . A spokeswoman for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said on Wednesday evening that the operation was being scaled down .	About 30 firefighters have been tackling a major forest fire in Perthshire .
The 39-year-old was held on suspicion of possessing terrorist-related material at the west London airport on Saturday . No flights were disrupted during the incident . The Met 's Counter Terrorism Command is continuing to investigate , the force said . The man has been bailed until mid October .	A man arrested at Heathrow Airport under the Terrorism Act has been released on bail .
The 37-year-old finished sixth in the T54 800m - his final individual track race at Rio 2016 - after coming fifth in the 400m and fourth in the 1500m . `` That 's my last individual race on the track , '' Weir told Channel 4 . `` I want to retire at the London Marathon next year . I 'll give it one more winter 's training and bow out where it all started . '' Weir 's decision means he will not compete at the IPC Athletics World Championships in July , which will be staged at London Stadium , the scene of his 2012 Olympic successes . The Londoner said he would race in the marathon at Rio and may make himself available for the T53/54 4x400m relay team . However , he suggested his preparations for the Paralympics had been disrupted by problems behind the scenes . Weir won the first of his record-equalling six London Marathon titles in 2002 and will go for a seventh on 23 April 2017 .	Britain 's six-time Paralympic gold medallist David Weir will retire from the track after Rio 2016 .
Police found him after responding to a report of a disturbance in Cables Wynd just after 23:00 . He was taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh . His condition is not thought to be life-threatening . Detectives said they were satisfied it was an isolated attack and that there was no ongoing threat to the public . They said they were pursuing various lines of inquiry and appealed for information . Det Insp Alan O'Brien said : `` An extensive investigation is now under way into this incident . Although this is at an early stage I 'm satisfied this was an isolated attack and there is no ongoing threat to the wider public . `` An area of Cables Wynd is presently cordoned off as our investigation progresses and I thank the local community for their patience and co-operation . `` I can also reassure local residents that we will use every resource at our disposal to trace and arrest anyone involved in this crime as quickly as possible . ''	A man is being treated for serious leg injuries after a gun was fired in the Leith area of Edinburgh on Friday night .
Faris Al-Khori , 62 , was arrested after searches in the city 's Muirhouse and Leith areas earlier this year . He faces a charge under the Explosive Substances Act which runs from December 2007 until April 2014 . Al-Khori appeared at the High Court in Glasgow on Tuesday and pleaded not guilty . Chemicals listed in the charge include various types of acid , acetone and fuel tablets . Al-Khori is also accused of a separate charge of culpable and reckless conduct . It is claimed that with `` utter disregard '' for the safety of residents , he possessed a quantity of substances and rocket motors knowing they were either `` explosive or flammable '' . The charge alleges he exposed residents at the flats to the `` risk of serious injury '' . His QC Brian McConnachie entered not guilty pleas on his behalf . Judge Lord Turnbull set a trial due to begin in April in Edinburgh .	A man is to stand trial next year charged with having a large number of explosive substances at flats in Edinburgh .
Gloucestershire County Council said it spent £7.8m a year for 100 11 to 18-year-olds to be looked after elsewhere , expected to rise to £9.2m by 2023 . It now plans to spend £8m over five years to set up a local care service . Council chiefs said it would reduce disruption for the young people 's studies and work . Each residential unit will be able to house up to four people in each unit at any one time . The proposals were approved at the cabinet meeting earlier . Cabinet member Paul McClain said : `` If they 're hundreds of miles from home and not coming back and not being able to contribute in the way they can then it 's got to be morally right to take different approach . '' He added : `` If we can turn one child 's life around , keep them out of the judicial system , keep them out of secure mental care when they 're adults then we have done the right thing . '' In 2011-12 Gloucestershire had 465 children in care . The number now stands at 627 .	Two residential units will be built for children in care with `` complex needs '' to prevent them moving out of the county to receive help .
Reports of sexual abuse and rape at the branches of Fosters Menswear in Salford and Ashton-under-Lyne , which have since closed down , have been made to Greater Manchester Police . An 80-year-old man has been interviewed under caution . Det Con Gary McCarthy said : `` Our team is working hard to uncover the full extent of this historical sex abuse . '' He praised the alleged victims for coming forward , adding : `` We understand that reporting traumatic events can be extremely difficult , but I want to reassure anyone who is thinking about coming forward that we will be there to support them . ''	An inquiry has been launched after claims of sex offences at two menswear stores in the 1970s , police say .
The dead woman , who has not been named but is believed to be in her 50s , was found at a house in Holmfield Avenue on Saturday . Mohammed Member , 25 , Shafiq Member , 29 , and Fatima Patel , 27 , all of Holmfield Avenue , were remanded in custody ahead of a crown court appearance . Formal identification of the dead woman has yet to take place . Updates on this story and more from Leicestershire	Three people have appeared in court charged with murdering a woman at a house in Leicester .
Net income rose by 32 % to 762m francs ( Â£498m ) in the third quarter , below analyst forecasts for 804m francs . UBS is in talks with authorities to settle allegations that it colluded in manipulating key rates in the $ 5.3tn-a-day foreign exchange market . However , it has yet to reach a deal . Both UK and US regulators are also said to be investigating other lenders , including JPMorgan and Barclays . `` We are actively addressing litigation and regulatory matters , '' UBS chief executive Sergio Ermotti said in the bank 's quarterly report . UBS also said it expected legal and regulatory charges to remain `` elevated for the foreseeable future '' because of the `` current regulatory and political climate affecting financial institutions '' . The Swiss bank had warned last month it could face `` material monetary penalties '' because of the currency-rigging investigation . It has already paid about $ 3.6bn in penalties since 2012 . Among other things , it has been accused of helping wealthy clients avoid taxes . UBS shares traded in Zurich have lost nearly 9 % of their value this year .	Switzerland 's biggest bank , UBS , has missed profit estimates after it set aside $ 1.9bn ( Â£1.2bn ) in legal provisions amid an investigation over alleged currency-rigging .
The group 's profits after tax were Â£1.7bn ( 18.636bn kronor ) in the year ending 30 November 2016 . Sales were lower than expected , partly because people held off from buying new clothes in Spring thanks to colder weather , prompting discounts . However , in the last three months net profits rose by 7 % and sales increased . The fashion chain continues to expand its global reach . Karl-Johan Persson , H & M chief executive , said : `` During the year , we opened 427 new stores net worldwide and added three new markets , and we also rolled out our online store to 11 additional markets . '' Mr Persson said the company was continuing to develop a strong online presence and was planning stores in Kazakhstan , Colombia , Iceland , Vietnam and Georgia . But he also made reference to `` geopolitical events '' which he said had had a negative impact on the retail trade , particularly in France , Germany , Switzerland and Italy as well as the US and China . `` Since these markets represent a large share of our sales , this consequently had a great impact on our overall sales development . '' Mr Persson said .	Swedish fashion giant H & M has suffered a drop in its annual net profits , thanks to higher purchasing costs from the rising dollar and discounts .
The taoiseach has also indicated that his government is considering setting up a security and intelligence unit . Mr Kenny was responding to questions from Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin . He said he has called a meeting for Thursday morning `` of all the agencies - defence , justice , transport , health '' to look at the security situation . `` I have to say that I was very impressed with the immediate response of the first responders in Manchester to the tragedy , '' he said . `` There is an issue here as to whether we should have a security and intelligence unit , separate from the way the structure currently operates and we will reflect on that . `` It 's important for the government to be able to give assurance to people that everything humanly possible is done to protect innocent people and the citizens of the our country . '' He said that he would share that information with the House as it is important to get it right . Gardai ( Irish police ) have said they are liaising closely with the security and law enforcement agencies in the UK following the attack in Manchester .	Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has called a meeting of security agencies to look at the situation in the event of a Manchester-style terrorist attack .
Full medals table at London 2012 official site	Final table
The South Korean tech giant reported a 48 % jump in operating profits to $ 8.8bn ( £6.8bn ) for the three months to March . Samsung said it expected further growth in memory chip orders and a pick up in earnings from its phone business . It is relying on its new Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones to help rebuild its reputation after the Note 7 fiasco . Last October it had to scrap the Galaxy Note 7 after recalling 2.5 million handsets . Batteries were blamed for overheating in the phones , which caused some of them to catch fire . The two S8 devices launched last week and no sales figures are yet available , but Samsung said pre-orders had been 30 % higher than for the Galaxy S7 in 2016 . Despite the financial success , Samsung remains mired in scandal with its de-facto head Lee-Jae Yong on trial over his alleged role in a corruption scandal that brought down South Korean President Park Geun-hye . Mr Lee denies all the charges , which including bribery and embezzlement .	Demand for memory chips and flat screens for televisions and phones has given Samsung Electronics its best quarterly profits in three years ,
The Magpies suffered a 5-1 defeat at Cheslea on Saturday after conceding three goals inside the opening 17 minutes . Newcastle , who are 18th in the table , have won just twice away from home in the Premier League this season . `` It 's nothing in the dressing room , the lads are not coming here scared , '' Townsend told BBC Newcastle . `` We came here full of confidence - we felt we were good enough to get a point but on the day we were nowhere near . `` We 've got the players in the dressing room to get us out of this situation . I 've no doubt in my mind that eventually we will get it right , things will start clicking and the results will start coming . '' The 24-year-old scored Newcastle 's only goal in the 90th minute to lessen the damage , but the heavy defeat leaves them in the relegation zone on goal difference with only 12 games remaining . `` In terms of our home performances we know what we 're going to get , we 're fairly consistent , '' said manager Steve McClaren . `` But away from home we 're inconsistent and we need to solve that . ''	Newcastle United 's poor away form is not a result of dressing room fear , says midfielder Andros Townsend .
4 November 2016 Last updated at 15:42 GMT What are we talking about ? Well , watch the video above to find out as Ore gives us another Strictly exclusive look behind the scenes . It 's Week 7 for the Strictly contestants and Ore tells us why Greg Rutherford is feeling sick , and shows us where the celebs go to the loo ! Tune in on Saturday night to see how they all get on . Best of luck , Mr Oduba !	It 's all about the hips and a little shoulder shimmy !
The 18-month-old girl was taken to Forth Valley Royal Hospital for checks after a passer by alerted police on finding her alone on the corner of Abbotsford Drive and Glenbervie Road . Two women aged 33 and 54 have been charged under the Children and Young Persons Act . They are due to make an appearance at Falkirk Sheriff Court .	Two women have been charged after a toddler was found alone in a street in Grangemouth on Sunday .
She had been asked to give sworn responses to 25 written questions from a conservative legal group . At least 21 responses used variations of `` does not recall '' , the documents , provided by her lawyer , show . Mrs Clinton denies handling classified information in her private emails . Questions over her use of a private email server while secretary of state have dogged her presidential campaign . Hillary Clinton 's 'emailgate ' FBI releases email inquiry files Her responses under oath to the Judicial Watch group were provided by her lawyer , David Kendall . Mrs Clinton also made various legal objections to the wording or formation of 18 of the 25 questions , the documents show . Correspondents say her answers provide no new information beyond what Mrs Clinton told FBI agents during a recent investigation . Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said the group 's lawyers would be closely reviewing her responses . `` Mrs Clinton 's refusal to answer many of the questions in a clear and straightforward manner further reflects disdain for the rule of law , '' he said . Judicial Watch has filed multiple lawsuits to try to obtain copies of government documents from Mrs Clinton 's time as secretary of state .	US Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has said she can not recall key details about using a private email server while secretary of state , documents show .
Mushin Ahmed , 81 , was attacked off Fitzwilliam Road , Rotherham , on 10 August . Two men from the town have been charged with murder and remanded in custody . In a statement after Mr Ahmed 's funeral on Friday his family said he was a gentle man who would have wanted `` something positive to come out of our grief '' . The family said : `` We 'd like to thank everyone within our local community and beyond , who have offered us overwhelming support throughout the most difficult time in our lives . `` The community has come together united in sorrow at the loss of our husband , father and friend . `` Mushin was a loving , friendly man and he would want us to try and bring something positive out of our grief , in the hope that no other families should ever have to go through this pain . '' Damien Hunt , 29 , of Doncaster Road , Rotherham ; and Dale Jones , 29 , of East Bawtry Road , Rotherham ; have been remanded in custody to appear at Sheffield Crown Court on 20 November .	Relatives of a man who died in an attack say the community has `` come together '' to support the family .
Dr McDaid has resigned his position on the grounds of ill health . He has been a priest since 1968 and a bishop since 2010 . In a statement the Bishop of Down and Connor Noel Treanor said Dr McDaid `` has served and supported his priests and all those entrusted to his care with a remarkable capacity for empathy and with a Christian heart '' . `` I wish Bishop Liam every happiness in his retirement and look forward to our continued friendship in the years ahead , '' he added .	Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of the Catholic Bishop of Clogher , Liam McDaid .
A surprise output jump from its biggest member , Saudi Arabia , put further pressure on prices . Gains made since Opec announced output cuts late last year have nearly all been erased . Saudi Arabia said it was `` committed '' to stabilising the global oil market , and that its output was still in line with its Opec target . `` Despite the supply adjustment , stocks have continued to rise , not just in the US , but also in Europe , '' Opec said in its report . `` Nevertheless , prices have undoubtedly been provided a floor by the production accords . '' Saudi Arabia 's production increased to 10.011 million barrels per day in February compared with 9.748 million barrels per day in January . Saudi Arabia `` is committed and determined to stabilise the global oil market by working closely with all other participating Opec and non-Opec producers '' , its energy ministry said . Oil prices fell after the release of the Opec report to trade close to $ 50 ( Â£41 ) a barrel , their lowest since November . Crude prices are still higher than $ 40 per barrel a year ago and a 12-year low of about $ 28 in January 2016 . The price of Brent crude settled about 0.5 % down at $ 51.09 per barrel , while US crude was at $ 47.90 .	Oil prices have fallen after the Opec group of oil producing nations said global crude stocks had risen .
The deal with Perform runs from 2017 to 2026 with plans to produce every singles match , which is around 2,000 fixtures , for the first time . Under the existing contract with Perform , only around a third of singles matches are broadcast . WTA chairwoman Stacey Allastar called the new deal `` a game-changer '' . She added the deal will `` give fans more access to the players they want to watch '' . The WTA and Perform are forming WTA Media , which will produce all main-draw matches in singles , along with the semi-finals and finals in doubles at every tour event . Allaster said that the new deal guarantees annual TV rights fees of £21m ( $ 33m ) from Perform , which is nearly double the current agreement of ( £11m ) ( $ 17m ) per year that runs 2013-2016 . The deal also includes what Allaster said was `` eight figures '' ' a year in `` production investment '' . She added : `` This comes at a time when we look at the horizon and we will have a changing of the guard of our current top stars , which shows the value and depth of our rising stars . ''	The Women 's Tennis Association has signed a new record media rights contract that it says will be worth more than £335m ( $ 525m ) over 10 years .
Former Islwyn MP Lord Kinnock led Labour from 1983 until 1992 and featured heavily in the satirical ITV show which ran for 12 years until 1996 . It mimicked political figures , including ex-MEP Baroness Kinnock , the Royal family and celebrities . Both latex puppets were being auctioned by Rogers Jones and Co in Cardiff . They had been expected to fetch £3,000 .	Spitting Image puppets of former Labour leader Neil Kinnock and his wife Glenys have fetched £3,400 in an auction .
The town 's planning committee voted unanimously against the proposals for 38 terraced , semi-detached and detached houses . Carlisle-based Story Homes had applied to build in a field adjoining the Grade I listed abbey precinct wall . The company 's development planner David Hayward said the wrong decision had been made . `` We feel Barrow needs new homes , it needs new executive homes , we had the evidence telling us that , '' he said . Paul Littlewood , who led a campaign against the plans , said it was `` not against Story Homes and it was certainly not against development in the town , it was just this site '' . The company has not decided whether it will appeal against the decision .	Plans for a housing development near the ruins of Furness Abbey in Barrow have been rejected .
The crash happened near Hatfield , in Hertfordshire , shortly before 07:00 BST on Sunday . The Bedfordshire , Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire road policing unit tweeted the driver was `` OK this time '' but warned people to avoid swerving for wildlife . The duck died in the crash . `` A duck 's life is far less valuable than yours , '' police said .	A driver miraculously avoided serious injury after flipping his car while trying to avoid a duck on the A1 .
The 23-year-old left-back for fourth-tier Wilrijk-Beerschot was playing in a tournament in Hemiksem when he collapsed on Friday . He was placed in an induced coma and his club confirmed his death on Monday . In late April , Lokeren defender Gregory Mertens , 24 , died after collapsing during a reserve game . A club statement said Nicot `` fought like a bear '' and was the `` idol of our supporters '' . It described him as `` always in a good mood , always making time for an umpteenth selfie with a fan '' . Three years ago Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba , then 23 , suffered a cardiac arrest in an FA Cup game with Tottenham . He was `` in effect dead '' for 78 minutes but survived , although he never played again . Nicot 's team-mate Wesley Snoeys said : `` So many questions . Always the same question comes up : why why why ? You left us far too soon . I will never forget you . Forever in my heart . '' Jef Snyders , another Wilrijk-Beerschot player , added : `` Football will never be the same anymore . Rest in peace mate . ''	Lower-league footballer Tim Nicot has become the second Belgian player to die of cardiac arrest in the past two weeks .
The 14-mile ( 23km ) route will run from Bradford city centre to Seacroft , in east Leeds . The CityConnect project , which is expected to be completed by the end of the year , has been funded by an £18m cash award from the Department for Transport and £11m of local funding . The scheme also includes resurfacing parts of the Leeds Liverpool canal . Coordinators say they hope the cycle way will encourage more people to make short journeys by bike and improve access to employment , skills and education . The project is jointly managed by West Yorkshire Combined Authority , Leeds City Council and Bradford Council .	Work on a £29m cycle superhighway linking Bradford and Leeds has officially begun .
Some locals and historians were worried Rose Castle near Dalston would be bought by developers when it was put up for sale in 2009 . The Grade I-listed building has been home to 63 bishops from 1230 to 2009 but the Church Commissioners said it was too costly to run . It has now been bought on behalf of the charity the Rose Castle Foundation . Its bid to buy the castle was rejected in 2011 , but it carried on fundraising . Bishop James Newcome said : `` We are thrilled that our plans for Rose Castle are reignited following very generous donations to enable the castle to be purchased . `` Our heartfelt thanks go to those who have invested in this historic building and in our vision . `` The Rose Castle Foundation addresses misunderstanding and builds bridges between individuals and communities experiencing conflict . ''	A historic Cumbrian castle is to reopen as a centre for peace after being empty for seven years .
Officers from Humberside Police were called at 18:07 BST to attend the crash , at the side of the runway at Breighton Aerodrome , near Selby . All five people hurt in the incident have been taken to hospital - two by air ambulance . Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening . The Air Accident Investigation Branch has launched an investigation . The casualties were all male and suffered various head , back , chest and leg injuries , officials said . North Yorkshire Fire Service said all of the men were out of the helicopter when rescuers arrived . Breighton Aerodrome is a former World War Two heavy bomber base and cold-war nuclear missile launch site . It is also the home to a classic aircraft collection .	Five people have been seriously injured in a helicopter crash in Breighton , East Yorkshire , police have said .
Hungarian Laszlo Horvath was arrested after Border Force officers stopped his lorry at North Killingholme , North Lincolnshire on 14 June . Inside they found 49 Albanians and two Syrians . Mr Horvath denied the charge of assisting illegal immigration when he appeared at Grimsby Crown Court . He was released on bail and will stand trial in November .	A man has pleaded not guilty to smuggling 51 illegal immigrants into the UK through Immingham docks .
The 38-year-old man from Worthing was arrested on Wednesday a year after Mark Manning 's disappearance . Tip-offs following an anniversary appeal led to a police search at a lake in Worthing , but nothing was found . The man has been bailed until 25 June while police enquiries continue . Mr Manning , of Brighton Road , Lancing , was last seen on 19 April 2014 . A friend had dropped him off at Worthing railway station . His family reported him missing three days later . The 54-year-old was a former military bomb disposal expert who had worked for the Mines Advisory Group , a charity that removes landmines and other dangers . A murder inquiry began last June , but no-one has reported hearing from or seeing Mr Manning and his body has not been found .	A man arrested on suspicion of murdering a bomb disposal expert who has been missing for more than a year has been released on bail .
Luisa Geddes from the Community School of Auchterarder was selected by an expert panel chaired by Ian Callum , Jaguar 's director of design . Miss Geddes will receive a week 's work experience at Jaguar where she will see her design adapted for manufacture . The time capsule will be unveiled in 2018 , shortly before the museum opens to the public . The competition was open to all secondary school pupils studying the Scottish Qualifications Authority 's Higher Design and Manufacture course . More than 160 schools signed up for the competition . The 17-year-old said it was `` amazing '' to have been chosen to design the time capsule . She said : `` I ca n't quite believe it . I wanted to design something the public could interact with in the day and night . '' Mr Callum said : `` What struck us all about Luisa was her sense of professional presentation and clarity in explanation . `` She had a clear understanding of what she was trying to do , and the message she was trying to create in the sculpture she 'd designed . `` I have no doubt whatsoever that the end result would be appealing to us as a team of judges , and also to the public . ''	A Perthshire school pupil has won a competition to design a time capsule for the grounds of Dundee 's V & A Museum .
Some users in the US reported that Yahoo Mail was displaying a message asking them to disable their ad-blocker before they could access their inbox . Yahoo said it was testing a `` new product experience '' in the US . Members of one ad-blocking forum said they had already managed to circumvent the restriction . Ad-blocking has proved to be controversial and technology companies have responded in different ways . In September , Apple updated its mobile operating system iOS to allow third-party ad-blockers to be installed - although they do not remove Apple 's own ads which it serves up in apps . Google meanwhile has introduced a paid subscription version of YouTube , that lets viewers remove ads on the video streaming site for a monthly fee . Ad-blocking advocates say disabling advertisements can improve smartphone battery life and reduce mobile data usage . It can also prevent people being tracked by advertisers online and protect devices from malware that could be served up if an advertising network is compromised . In 2014 , Yahoo admitted adverts on its homepage had been infected with malware for four days . But the company currently relies on advertising to earn money from its Yahoo Mail service which is available to use for free .	Yahoo has confirmed that it is preventing some people from accessing their email if they are using ad-blocking software in their browser .
The boat was spotted at about 05:40 BST , the Home Office said . The Maritime and Coastguard Agency ( MCA ) sent a search and rescue helicopter and a boat . A Home Office spokesman said : `` Six men were recovered from the boat and are due to be interviewed by Border Force officers . '' The migrants were discovered at the Varne sandbank about seven miles off Dover . This is the eighth rescue of migrants in small boats made by Border Force officers off the Kent and Sussex coast since March . Earlier this year , the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) revealed migrants trying to reach the UK were paying smuggling gangs up to Â£13,500 for their journey . Some were quoted five-figure sums to make the trip by air . Others were thought to have spent as much as Â£12,000 to travel from France in inflatable boats . Investigators also said that criminals may be using less busy ports in the UK , including Tilbury , Purfleet , Hull , Immingham and Newhaven , as well as the main Channel crossing between Calais and Dover .	Six migrants who were trying to reach the Kent coast in a small boat have been rescued from a sandbank in the English Channel .
Avon lady Louise Houghton and neighbour Lisa Quinton were both bitten on the legs during two separate incidents at the house in Isfryn Road , Meliden . Donna Whitelam , 41 , had pleaded guilty to having a dog dangerously out of control and causing injury . Llandudno magistrates banned her from keeping dogs for two years . Whitelam had also admitted two lesser charges of owning dogs dangerously out of control . Magistrate John Rooney said the dogs had `` acted in a pack temperament '' . He sentenced Whitelam to a 12-month community order , and ordered to pay the victims Â£500 each in compensation .	Five bulldogs involved in attacks on two women as they called at the owners ' house in Prestatyn must be destroyed , a court has ordered .
The Sir Richard Hotham scheme for Bognor Regis , spread across three sites including the Regis Centre , was turned down by Arun District Council . It is the latest chapter in a long-running saga to redevelop the area . The council said it had responded to local people 's wishes but critics said it was a wasted opportunity . Councillors rejected the planning application because of concerns over the lack of affordable housing , the impact of extra traffic and the scheme 's viability and design . The Sir Richard Hotham Project said the company was disappointed and surprised and would take legal advice before deciding whether to appeal or to submit a modified planning application . The Conservative-led council said in a statement it remained committed to creating new jobs in Bognor and increasing visitor numbers . Lib Dem councillor Francis Oppler said the redevelopment had not moved forward in 10 years . `` We have no plan , no developer and we have had 10 years of wasted opportunities , '' he said .	An £80m proposal for shops , restaurants , a hotel , theatre and 200 apartments on a West Sussex seafront has been rejected .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 18 December 2014 Last updated at 10:28 GMT Malaysia has successfully tackled poverty over the last four decades by drawing on its rich natural resources . According to the World Bank , some 49 % of Malaysians in 1970 were extremely poor , and that figure has been reduced to 1 % today . However , the government 's next challenge is to help the lower income group to move up to the middle class , the bank says . Ulrich Zahau , the World Bank 's Southeast Asia director , spoke to the BBC 's Jennifer Pak .	In Malaysia the `` aspirational '' low-income part of the population is helping to drive economic growth through consumption , according to the World Bank .
The American actress sings on The Hanging Tree by composer James Newton Howard . It features on the soundtrack of her new film The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 1 . Mid-week sales figures from the Official Charts Company show the song is at number 29 . The track was co-written by composer James Newton and the folk rock band The Lumineers . Suzanne Collins , the author of the `` Hunger Games '' book series , wrote the song 's lyrics . The sales figures also show Band Aid 30 's new version of Do They Know It 's Christmas could be knocked off top spot after only a week . The charity single , re-recorded with all the profits from it going towards the fight against Ebola , is currently just over 1,500 copies ahead of Take That 's These Days - the group 's first song released as a trio since Jason Orange quit . The rest of the top five is made up of Olly Murs Wrapped Up featuring Travie McCoy at number three , with Labrinth and McBusted at four and five . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube	Oscar-winner Jennifer Lawrence has added another string to her bow - a top 40 single .
The 25-year-old made 17 appearances for the Rhinos last season as they completed the treble . The Germany international said : `` Last season was an incredible season for the club and everyone is excited about the future . `` I am pleased to have my future sorted now and can look forward to the next three years with confidence . ''	Leeds Rhinos second-row Jimmy Keinhorst has signed a new three-year contract with the Super League champions .
21 June 2016 Last updated at 14:01 BST It 's the app that really kickstarted the selfie craze , but has recently faced user backlash over changes to both its logo and the algorithm that is used to decide the order images are displayed . Co-founder and chief executive Kevin Systrom sat down with our North America technology reporter Dave Lee to discuss convincing the Pope to join and other growth tactics . Read more	Image-sharing network Instagram has announced it now has 500 million active users - with 300 million logging on at least once a day .
An incident involving a woman and three children happened outside Griffin Courtyard on Leg Street , Oswestry , at about 16:00 GMT on Friday . Two men received minor injuries , but the woman and three children were not believed to be hurt , West Mercia Police said . Four men from West Bromwich , aged 38 , 36 , 31 and 27 , are due at Telford Magistrates ' Court on Monday . The 38-year-old man and the 27-year-old man have been charged with four counts of kidnap . The other two men have been charged with four counts of kidnap and one count of assault .	Four men have been charged with kidnap following an incident in Shropshire .
Wales , showing 14 changes from the 39-21 first Test defeat by New Zealand , were beaten 40-7 . Cardiff Blues back row Turnbull said Wales could not afford to make the same mistakes against the All Blacks . `` We 'll have to look at our game because the standard of the Welsh jersey was n't good enough , '' he said . `` We 'll all have to look at that and take responsibility for it because it was n't good enough . '' Head coach Warren Gatland will name his team for the Saturday 's second Test in Wellington on Wednesday . Gatland said fringe players missed a chance to push their selection claims against the Chiefs . Scrum-half Gareth Davies said Wales have `` no excuses '' following the defeat in Hamilton and they now have to focus on preparations for Saturday 's game . `` No-one 's played well enough to put their hands up to start at the weekend , '' Scarlets ' Davies said . `` We 've been with each other day in , day out training so we ca n't really blame that . `` We 've got to take a good look at ourselves in the review and we 've got a big day 's training on Thursday . `` We 've got to look forward to that now . ''	Flanker Josh Turnbull says Wales ' standard of play was simply not good enough in their heavy defeat against the Chiefs .
4 March 2016 Last updated at 19:55 GMT Vicky Jacobs , from Gainsborough , Lincolnshire , told BBC Look North they found the distressed cat on Wednesday and worked to free it . She said the animal was unharmed , but the incident showed how littering could endanger pets and wildlife .	A cat has been freed from a discarded can of dog food after its head became stuck .
The 54-year-old ScotRail employee was arrested on Wednesday at about 11:45 and has been removed from duties . It is understood the British Transport Police is waiting for the results of tests before sending a report to the procurator fiscal . It has been reported that the man may have been about to drive a late-night train to Glasgow . ScotRail confirmed that a driver has been removed from duties for an alleged breach of the company 's strict alcohol and drugs policy . A spokeswoman said : `` A member of ScotRail staff raised the alarm and immediately alerted a manager and British Transport Police . `` This is an extremely rare occurrence , however , the safety of our customers and staff is of the utmost importance and we are providing all assistance to rail and police authorities . '' A British Transport Police spokesman said : `` A 54-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly being intoxicated while on duty . Inquiries are ongoing . ''	A train driver has been arrested for allegedly being intoxicated at Waverley Station in Edinburgh .
The National Aids Trust ( NAT ) has described the decision as `` shameful '' and says lives will suffer if the drug known as Prep is not made available . The NHS says it is up to local authorities to provide the treatment . Both sides have agree to ask the court for an unusually fast timetable to resolve the issue within 6-8 weeks . Prep ( pre-exposure prophylaxis ) is a daily pill that has the ability to reduce the risk of an HIV infection by more than 90 % . It is currently used in America , Canada , Australia and France to help protect the most at risk gay men . In its legal challenge , the NAT argues it is possible for the NHS to fund preventative treatment through its specialised commissioning . It also argues there is no distinction between Prep and another HIV prevention drug treatment known as PEP ( post-exposure prophylaxis ) which is funded by the NHS . A statement on the NHS England website said : `` As set out in the Local Authorities ( Public Health Functions and Entry to Premises by Local Healthwatch Representatives ) Regulations 2013 , local authorities are the responsible commissioner for HIV prevention services . ''	A charity has launched a judicial review challenging the NHS 's decision not to fund a so-called game-changer drug treatment that can prevent HIV .
4 February 2017 Last updated at 13:55 GMT Six countries take part in the championship : England , Scotland , Wales , Ireland , France and Italy . England won the Six Nations last year , but can they do it again ? We spoke to some rugby supporters from England , Scotland , Ireland and Wales to find out why they think their team will take home the trophy ... Have your say here !	The Six Nations - one of the biggest rugby union tournaments - has started this weekend .
The pets are being cared for at the Scottish SPCA 's Inshes centre in Inverness . Most of the guinea pigs are only a few weeks old . Centre Manager Elaine Floyd said , `` We have lots of lovely little guinea pigs in our care at the moment and we 're keen to find them fantastic new homes . '' She added : `` Ideally we 'd like our guinea pigs to be re-homed in small same-sex groups or pairs as they are sociable creatures who enjoy the company of their own kind . `` Some of our guinea pigs are confident and easy to handle , while we have others who are in need of more human interaction to help them feel more comfortable . ''	An animal welfare charity is seeking to re-home 35 guinea pigs abandoned , or given up by their owners , in the Highlands .
The 23-time Isle of Man TT winner is only the second motorcycle racer to be offered membership after nine-time world champion Valentino Rossi in 2015 . A BRDC spokesman said the Morecambe man was recognised for his `` outstanding achievements on two wheels '' . McGuinness said it was a `` great surprise '' and he was `` super proud '' . The TT star received the honour at a ceremony in London last week in front of guests , which included recently-retired F1 champion Nico Rosberg . McGuinness is the second-most successful rider in TT history and just three wins behind all-time record holder Joey Dunlop .	John McGuinness said he was `` proud and humbled '' to join Valentino Rossi as an honorary member of the British Racing Drivers ' Club ( BRDC ) .
Michelle Jane Grey , 42 , from Bensham , was found by officers at 20:30 GMT on Friday at an address in Hillfield Street . Carl Anderson , of Hillfield Street , has been charged with murder , Northumbria Police said . The 41-year-old is due to appear before Gateshead Magistrates ' Court later .	A man has been charged with murder after a woman was found dead in Gateshead .
A mortar attack hit a checkpoint in the city of El-Arish , officials said . But the group claimed a suicide bomber blew up a car with explosives at the checkpoint , which it then raided . Jihadist militants have killed hundreds of security personnel in Sinai since the military overthrew President Mohammed Morsi in 2013 . Egypt 's Interior Ministry said the attack hit the Safa checkpoint in northern Sinai . Witnesses reported hearing a massive explosion and said the city had been sealed off . Government forces later killed five of the militants who carried out the attack , officials said . In a statement on Twitter , IS said the attack was `` part of a series of operations in response to the humiliation and searching of Muslim women at checkpoints '' . The group has claimed numerous deadly attacks in the region recently , targeting mainly security forces . It has also said it was responsible for the bombing of a Russian airliner over Sinai in October that killed all 224 people on board .	The Islamic State ( IS ) group has said it carried out an attack that killed at least 13 policemen in Egypt 's restive Sinai Peninsula .
13 November 2016 Last updated at 11:02 GMT They 've taken on the'mannequin challenge ' together , trying to stay still . The latest craze is seeing people take videos of themselves standing completely still - like mannequins in a shop window . Novak Djokovic starts Sunday 's play against Dominic Thiem from 2pm on BBC Two . Pictures courtesy of ATP World Tour .	The world 's top eight male tennis stars are in London this week for the ATP World Tour finals , so what better way to warm up than with a challenge .
The newborn was discovered at Windmill Pit , in Weasenham St Peter , near Fakenham , Norfolk , on 5 June 1988 . The baby , known as Baby Peter , was buried at the local church but exhumed last April for tests to be carried out . The Crown Prosecution Service has advised police it is not in the public interest to prosecute the mother . Norfolk Police tracked her down earlier this year using DNA . In interview , the mother told officers she had delivered the stillborn baby alone after concealing her pregnancy from family and friends . Frank Ferguson , deputy chief crown prosecutor in the East of England , said : `` The original post-mortem on the baby could not show whether the baby was born alive and could not determine a cause of death . `` There was also no evidence of any injury . A more recent post mortem reached the same conclusions . `` In light of those findings , we concluded that there was no evidence that the baby was unlawfully killed by the mother . '' The woman disposed of the body by throwing it into a pond in the village several days after the baby was born , Mr Ferguson said . `` The mother has clearly suffered beyond any punishment a court could impose . ''	A mother arrested on suspicion of infanticide almost 27 years after her baby was found dead inside a carrier bag will not face charges .
Mr Sharif said the move was meant as a gesture of goodwill . Pakistan shut the crossings last month after a spate of attacks it blamed on militants from over the border . Thousands of people were stranded on both sides . The two countries have long blamed each other for not doing enough to tackle militants . Earlier this month , Pakistan opened the crossings at Torkham and Chaman for two days amid rising concerns that continued closure could develop into a humanitarian crisis . About 50,000 Afghans took advantage of the move and crossed back into their country . About 6,000 or 7,000 Pakistanis travelled the other way . The BBC 's M Ilyas Khan in Islamabad says that by keeping the crossings shut for a month Mr Sharif will by now feel that he has made his point . He was also facing mounting pressure from traders frustrated by the closures . Despite Mr Sharif 's order , the crossings remained shut for much of Monday . The measure was expected to take effect later in the day or early on Tuesday , our correspondent said .	Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has ordered the country 's two main border crossings with Afghanistan to reopen immediately .
November sales were down by 24.7 % from the previous year . The company said the drop reflected `` the impact of the recent stop-sale for all 2.0L 4-cylinder TDI vehicles as well as for the 3.0L V6 '' . VW was forced to stop selling 2 and 3 litre diesel engine cars after it was discovered they contained software that disguised emission levels . Volkswagen sold fewer than 24,000 cars in November , with the Golf and Passat models seeing the steepest declines . The company saw a very minor sales decline of 0.24 % in October . The US is not a large market for Volkswagen . Even before the scandal it had struggled to gain traction in a market where larger SUVs and trucks are popular . The carmaker has admitted to installing devices that lowered the emissions levels of diesel engine cars during testing , but that increased emissions during normal driving . The company 's head Matthias Mueller has previously apologised for the scandal and said , `` My most urgent task is to win back trust for the Volkswagen Group '' . Other carmakers have seen a steady rise in US sales this year . Sales of General Motors cars rose by 1.5 % in November . Toyota and Fiat Chrysler each reported a 3 % increase in their November sales compared with last year .	German carmaker Volkswagen has seen its US sales decline sharply as a result of the continuing emissions scandal .
The migrants , who had set sail from Libya , were picked up by EU naval vessels on Thursday , a coastguard spokesman told AFP news agency . Last month the EU pledged to beef up maritime patrols and fight trafficking . The UN estimates that 60,000 people have already tried to cross the Mediterranean in the past five months , and that about 1,800 people have died . The death toll represents a 30-fold increase on the same period in 2014 , according to the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) . The rise has been attributed to chaos in Libya - the staging post for most crossings - as well as milder weather . Many migrants are trying to escape conflict or poverty in countries such as Syria , Eritrea , Nigeria and Somalia . Have you or has someone you know been affected by the issues in this story ? Email your experiences to haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk - if you are happy to speak with a BBC journalist please give a telephone number . Or you can contact us on WhatsApp number +44 ( 0 ) 7525 900971	A total of 741 migrants travelling in six boats have been rescued off Sicily , the Italian coastguard says .
Labour lost one of its seats in the local election , leaving them one short of being able to remain in control at 28 . Conservatives have 26 seats and UKIP have three . Party leaders are due to meet to discuss the way forward . Labour remains in control of Exeter City Council as they party won nine out of the 13 wards in the election . Leader of Plymouth 's Labour group , Tudor Evans , retained his seat in Ham . He said it was `` remarkable '' the party had `` bucked the trend '' after the national Conservative Party landslide . `` People were expecting us to go under and we did n't , '' he said . Before the final result was known , Conservative Party group leader Ian Bowyer refused to rule out a possible coalition with UKIP - the only other party on the council . In Exeter , former city centre manager John Harvey won the Alphington seat for the Conservatives . Former council leader and Liberal Democrat group leader in the city , Adrian Fullham , lost his council seat .	Labour has lost its narrow majority at Plymouth City Council meaning no party has overall control .
The former Leicester City defender , 28 , arrived in October 2014 , initially on loan from Charlton , as Gary Rowett 's first signing as the club 's manager . Morrison - whose previous contract was due to expire in June 2018 - has made 76 appearances for the Blues in all competitions , scoring five goals . He has previously played for Sheffield Wednesday and Cambridge United .	Birmingham City captain Michael Morrison has signed an extended contract with the club until 2019 .
Two other people were treated for breathing difficulties at Bar Qbano in Ebenezer Place in Kettering at about 02:30 GMT . Police said it is believed a `` CS-type gas '' was released . The club was evacuated and ventilated . Officers said they were continuing to investigate and appealed for witnesses . A spokesman for East Midlands Ambulance Service said : `` Three patients required treatment for breathing difficulties and abdominal pain . `` Two of those were treated on the scene and one patient was taken to Kettering General Hospital . '' More than 100 people are believed to have been in the club at the time . A fast response paramedic vehicle and two ambulances attended , as well as Northamptonshire Police and the fire service . A spokeswoman from the club said the venue had now reopened .	One person was taken to hospital after what is believed to be a gas canister was let off in a Northamptonshire nightclub .
The holders have registered the British and Irish Lion ahead of their quarter-final at Racing 92 on Sunday , 10 April . The former Cardiff Blues back suffered his injury in Wales ' win over Italy in September and missed the World Cup . Halfpenny has not played since , but may now be in contention to be part of Wales ' June tour to New Zealand .	Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny is a step closer to returning from a serious knee injury after Toulon named him in their European Champions Cup squad .
Stephen Carson , 28 , was shot in the head through a bathroom door at Walmer Street , Belfast , on 26 February . He was having a meal with his partner and nine-year-old son when an armed gang forced their way into the house . The arrested man , who is 35 , was detained in Belfast and remains in police custody .	Police investigating the killing of a man who was shot in front of his family at his home four months ago have arrested a man on suspicion of murder .
The order formalises a decision by Betsi Cadwaladr health board last week not to contest a judicial review of its proposed changes to services at Ysbyty Glan Glwyd in Bodelwyddan . Mrs Justice Davies said the board had `` lost or eroded the trust '' of some employees and people in the community . The board had to `` regain that trust '' . The process brings to a close the legal procedure started when campaigners sought a judicial review over the board 's plans . Last week , Betsi 's interim chief executive Simon Dean said they had advised the court the board no longer wanted to contest the judicial review , and would now be consulting on the future of services . The hospital had originally planned to end consultant-led services in April but the bid for judicial review put the plan on hold . The complainants were awarded their legal costs at the end of the hearing .	A judge has issued an order for a health board to consult on whether to downgrade maternity services at a Denbighshire hospital .
Halewood International wants to build the development , including a visitor centre , at its former wholesale distribution site at Abergwyngregyn , near Bangor . The firm said converting the warehouse would involve a `` substantial '' investment that would create jobs and help boost the tourism industry . It is seeking planning permission and hopes operations will begin in 2018 . James Wright , managing director of Aber Falls Distillery , said : `` We 're still in the early stages but it 's an exciting project that we feel has great potential as there are very few distilleries in Wales . '' The Liverpool-based company has already held talks with Gwynedd council and tourism officials , with a further meeting due to take place next week . Mr Wright said the company planned to produce a Welsh gin and other alcoholic drinks while the craft whiskey business was being established . `` We 're looking to have some of our ingredients grown locally , '' he added . In its planning application to Gwynedd council , the company said : `` Once established , it is our intention to open a visitor centre on-site also , to offer training courses in the craft of distilling spirits . `` The national and international presence of the products created at the site will help to put the local area on map . ''	Plans to open a whiskey distillery in Gwynedd have been put forward .
Mr Abbott issued a short statement on Sunday night saying he would contest the seat of Warringah . He has held the seat on Sydney 's northern beaches for 22 years . Malcolm Turnbull replaced Mr Abbott as prime minister after winning a ballot for leadership of the ruling Liberal Party in September . Mr Abbott said he had taken time out to assess his future since losing the leadership and was heartened by the support that he had received from his constituents . `` Therefore , I am renominating to represent the people of Warringah for another term as their Liberal MP , '' he said . Mr Abbott 's decision to stay in politics immediately drew comparisons to Kevin Rudd , the Labor prime minister who was dumped by his own party in 2010 . Mr Rudd 's desire to return to the leadership was seen as a destabilising force for the Labor government and the prime minister who replaced him , Julia Gillard . Mr Rudd eventually won back the leadership from Ms Gillard , but led Labor to defeat against Mr Abbott in the 2013 federal election . Liberal senator and Abbott loyalist Eric Abetz dismissed the comparisons , telling the Australian Broadcasting Corp. that Mr Abbott was `` no Kevin Rudd '' . `` Kevin Rudd was always about one thing only , Kevin Rudd , whereas Tony Abbott has always been about one thing , namely , the Australian people , '' Mr Abetz said .	Deposed Australian prime minister Tony Abbott will attempt to stay in parliament at the country 's next federal election .
The Millers were penalised three points last week for playing Farrend Rawson in the 1-0 win over Brighton on 5 April . The defender 's youth loan from Derby County had expired the previous day . The deduction had put the Millers back in danger of being relegated from the Championship but Tuesday 's win over Reading secured their survival . `` Having secured our Championship place for next season on the pitch on Tuesday night , the board has decided not to appeal against the decision to deduct us three points , '' the club said in a statement . `` We still believe the decision to deduct three points for fielding a player as a result of an honest human error , where there was no intention to gain an unfair advantage , was disproportionate . `` Our mistake did not affect the integrity of this year 's competition , but if we had been relegated in the place of a team that had secured fewer points on the pitch over the season , that would have been a gross injustice . ''	Rotherham United have decided not to appeal against a three-point deduction imposed by the Football League for fielding an ineligible player .
Butcher finished calmly from inside the box at the end of a first half delayed by an injury to Spireites defender Liam O'Neil at the Pirelli Stadium . The home side had the best of the chances , with forward Stuart Beavon denied by goalkeeper Tommy Lee . Defeat leaves Chesterfield just a point above Fleetwood and the bottom four .	Calum Butcher scored the only goal of the game as League One leaders Burton Albion move seven points clear at the top with victory over Chesterfield .
Leopold Munyakazi 's deportation came after he lost a long-running legal battle to gain asylum in the US . He is accused of wearing banana leaves during the genocide to identify himself as a Hutu , and of organising night raids on the homes of families from the rival Tutsi ethnic group . Mr Munyakazi , a former university professor , has denied the allegations . Some 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were slaughtered by Hutu militias in just 100 days in 1994 Mr Munyakazi fled to the US in 2004 . Rwanda has since demanded his extradition , saying it wanted to try him on charges of genocide and conspiracy to committing genocide . He has been accused , by the government-backed National Commission for the Fight against Genocide , of ordering Hutu militiamen to hunt down Tutsis and of personally shooting dead a man named Ugirashebuja Felicien Kirwa in the area of Kirwa in south-eastern Rwanda . The commission also accuses him of promoting hatred and writing an article in 1991 in which he called for Tutsis to be given only 10 % representation in schools and jobs . Mr Munyakazi insists that he is a moderate Hutu who helped Tutsis during the genocide .	The US has deported a Rwandan academic , accused of being a key figure in the 1994 genocide , to his home country .
The world number nine pulled out of the tournament shortly before her second-round match against Wang Qiang . Konta currently occupies the final qualifying position for the season-ending WTA Finals in Singapore . But the 25-year-old , the first British woman in the top 10 since 1984 , could be overtaken by Dominika Cibulkova if the Slovak makes the Linz Open final . `` I was really looking forward to making this week last as long as possible . It was n't as long as I would have liked , but I need to look after my body first , '' said the Briton . `` I need to make sure I make the right decisions for my health . ''	British number one Johanna Konta has withdrawn from the Hong Kong Open because of an abdominal strain .
Howard leaves the role after three years but will remain on the fan-owned club 's board and move into a new position as sporting director . That role will involve `` overseeing the performance and development of all football matters '' . Stroud , a club director and chairman of Wycombe Wanderers Trust , will begin his new role on 1 August . Howard said : `` I have been immensely proud to be chairman of Wycombe Wanderers and found it to be a challenging but extremely rewarding three years . `` Together I feel we have developed a really professional organisation and are moving towards an infrastructure which will be capable of operating at a higher level . `` However , the time has come for me to focus my efforts on the football side of the business , working in a new role which ( manager ) Gareth ( Ainsworth ) and his staff , with the support of the board , have devised in order to give us all the best possible chance of continuing the excellent progress on the pitch . ''	Trevor Stroud has been named as the new Wycombe Wanderers chairman , replacing the outgoing Andrew Howard .
The 16-year-old is the current senior British floor champion and won bronze at the 2015 World Championships . She missed the European Championships in June to concentrate on school exams . `` I had the opportunity to watch the all-around final in 2012 and it was incredible , '' she told BBC Sport . `` From that , it made me want it even more , it was incredible and made me so motivated . '' Tinkler is one of five women in the gymnastics team , along with sisters Becky and Ellie Downie , Commonwealth champion Claudia Fragapane and Ruby Harrold . She continues to train with South Durham coaches Nicola Preston and Rachael Wright in her native north east . `` Me and my coaches have taken each day as it comes and we 've not really spoken about Rio , '' Tinkler added . `` Getting to the World Championships was incredible and we did n't think that was going to happen so it 's amazing . ''	Bishop Auckland gymnast Amy Tinkler was inspired by watching the London 2012 Olympics and is excited for taking part herself following her selection for the Team GB squad at Rio 2016 .
The pensioner was left with facial injuries after being confronted by a robber in his flat in Oakfield Place in the Pleasance . Police said the suspect broke in between 22:30 and 23:00 on Wednesday and assaulted the man before running off . The OAP was treated at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary and released . The attacker is a white man aged between 30 and 40 . He was believed to have been wearing a hooded top . Det Insp Graham Grant , of Police Scotland , said : `` This was an upsetting and violent attack on a vulnerable member of our community . `` We are conducting a number of inquiries in an effort to trace the trace the man responsible and we are appealing to the public for information . `` We would ask anyone who was in the Pleasance area of Edinburgh on the night of Wednesday , 26 October and saw anything suspicious to get in touch with us as soon as possible . ''	A 90-year-old man has been injured after being attacked and robbed in his Edinburgh flat .
So are you a Buffon or a buffoon ? Juve got to have a Real knowledge of football to get a perfect 10 with our quiz .	After months of blood , sweat and tears ( on and off the pitch ) the Champions League final has finally arrived in Cardiff .
14 May 2015 Last updated at 00:47 BST But how do the two Asian giants stack up ? And how much do India and China count for in the world ? BBC News explains , in 60 seconds . Produced by Mohamed Madi	The Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi makes his first official visit to China on Thursday .
The small plastic bags , containing rum , vodka or other spirits , are popular with those on a budget - costing between $ 0.35 ( £0.28 ) and $ 1.65 . The ban was aimed at minimising the impact of alcohol on young people , especially students , government spokesman Bruno Kone said . A ban on the sale of water in plastic bags led to protests two years ago . They were banned by the Ivorian authorities in a bid to reduce pollution . The decision to ban the sachets of alcohol was taken after a cabinet meeting on Wednesday and had been proposed by the ministry of commerce , Mr Kone said . `` These products are mostly smuggled into the country , '' the APA news agency quotes him as saying . `` They do not meet our standards and therefore constitute a real threat to the health of consumers - and a threat to the country 's economy . '' Cameroon , Malawi and Senegal have also banned the sale and production of alcohol in sachets in recent years .	Ivory Coast 's government has banned the production , importation and sale of alcohol in sachets on health grounds .
The match , which has a 12:15 GMT kick-off , will also be streamed on the BBC Sport website and will feature on the Sportscene highlights programme that night and the following evening . Two other last-16 ties will be shown on Sky Sports - Hearts ' derby against Hibernian and Rangers v Morton . These games are on Sunday 12 February . Scottish Cup fifth-round ties : Ayr United v Clyde or Stirling Albion Celtic v Inverness Caledonian Thistle Dunfermline Athletic v Hamilton Academical East Fife v St Mirren Hearts v Hibernian Rangers v Greenock Morton Ross County v Aberdeen St Johnstone v Partick Thistle	Celtic 's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie against Inverness Caledonian Thistle will be broadcast live on BBC One Scotland on Saturday 11 February .
In March Coleman said he and the FAW were `` apart '' during initial talks , but progress has since been made . Coleman 's deal ends after Euro 2016 , the first major tournament Wales have qualified for since the 1958 World Cup . `` We very much hope to see Chris leading our team for the World Cup campaign , '' FAW chief executive Jonathan Ford said . Wales ' campaign to reach the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia begins in September when they host Moldova . The governing body hopes to settle Coleman 's future before the 45-year-old and his players head for France - via a 5 June friendly against Sweden - for their Euro 2016 campaign . Wales start their Group B campaign against Slovakia on June 11 before facing England and Russia . Coleman has indicated he wants to stay on for the World Cup campaign , though he also admits to have missed the day-to-day nature of club management . He could also yet be a target for hometown club Swansea City if they decide not to retain head coach Francesco Guidolin for 2016-17 . Coleman has also been linked with the vacant manager 's job at Aston Villa . Former Wales managers Terry Yorath and Mark Hughes have urged the FAW to secure Coleman 's future , a view backed up by full-back Chris Gunter .	The Football Association of Wales has improved its offer to Chris Coleman to remain as Wales manager .
Christopher Templeman and Gary Fraser struck either side of half-time for the impressive hosts . Adrian Mallagaray put the game well beyond Elgin five minutes later with a tap-in , courtesy of another good ball from Templeman . Neil Martyniuk put through his own goal with a misplaced header late on , but it would not spoil Montrose 's day .	Struggling Montrose dominated League Two leaders Elgin City en route to a 3-1 Links Park victory .
The music artist was in the island to shoot a new video , according to newspaper and media reports . Officers using Police Scotland 's Lochaber and Skye Twitter account tweeted a pun-filled message shortly after the media stories appeared . The officers signed off with # HipHopCops . The tweet made reference to West 's wife Kim Kardashian and her reality TV show Keeping up with the Kardashians . It read : `` Out in your # Kardashin around # Skye this summer ? We 'll be # KeepingUp with you so # Kanye please drive sensibly ? # OpRoute # HipHopCops '' . West 's visit to Skye was the cause of a Twitter Moment , a feature of the social media website that gathers stories and tweets about major events in one place on the site .	A visit to Skye by US hop hop artist Kanye West has inspired a tongue-in-cheek road safety warning from Police Scotland .
Nearly 200 countries have made a pact to attempt to limit the temperature on the earth from rising too quickly and too high . American President Barack Obama has said the landmark deal was `` not perfect '' but offers `` the best chance we have '' to save the planet . China 's chief negotiator Xie Zhenhua also said the deal was not perfect . But he added that `` this does not prevent us from marching historical steps forward '' . Important points The things they agreed on included : • To reduce the amount of harmful greenhouse gas produced and increase renewable types of energy like wind , solar and wave power • To keep global temperature increase `` well below '' 2C ( 3.6F ) and to try to limit it to 1.5C • To review progress every five years • To spend $ 100 billion dollars a year in climate finance for poorer countries by 2020 , with a commitment to further finance in the future . Find out more about climate change and how it affects us .	World leaders , who have been gathering in the French capital of Paris to discuss how to tackle climate change , have agreed on a plan .
The RSPCA said the three-feet-long ( 1m ) female snake was probably abandoned by its owner . Kim Greaves , who is a reptile expert for the animal welfare charity , said the snake would not be able to survive in the wild . She said the RSPCA would prosecute the person who dumped the snake if they were found . Ms Greaves said the problem of abandoned animals in the area was `` getting absolutely out of hand . '' `` This is a happy ending for this particular snake , '' she said . `` But more and more of my colleagues are faced with abandoned animals , not just snakes and reptiles , but rabbits , guinea pigs , ferrets and cats and dogs . `` It is a sign of the times , I 'm afraid , '' The non-venomous royal python is found in Africa and survives on a diet of rodents .	A man walking his dog has discovered a royal python on the banks of a canal in Doncaster .
The ex-Manchester City youngster joined the Terriers in February 2015 , but left at the end of last term after scoring four goals in 37 games for the club . He has scored 39 goals in 224 league appearances for eight clubs , also including West Brom and Middlesbrough . The 29-year-old joins a Bury side currently third in League One .	League One side Bury have signed former Nottingham Forest and Huddersfield forward Ishmael Miller on a contract until the end of the season .
The coastguard was called to an area south of Swanage , Dorset , at 16:40 BST on Sunday after reports a diver on an expedition had gone missing . The dive vessel Emma J alerted authorities after one of three divers did not resurface . Lifeboats and a search and rescue helicopter were involved in a search of around 10 nautical miles . Dorset Police , along with other agencies , will assess the situation before deciding whether to resume later , the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said . Mark Rodaway , operations centre commander at the National Maritime Operations Centre , which is overseeing the search , said on Sunday : `` This is a significant incident . `` This diver has been missing for more than three hours and clearly this is very serious . `` We are concentrating our search on this area and will continue to do so . ''	A major search for a diver who failed to resurface in the English Channel has been suspended for the night .
15 April 2015 Last updated at 07:03 BST Although kids are n't able to vote , the decisions made at the election will have a big impact on the lives of all children across the country . But with so many different political parties competing with each other , we 're giving you the low down on the main ones . Find out all you need to know about Plaid Cymru in Newsround 's 60 second guide .	There 's a General Election coming up on 7 May , where adults will vote to decide who will run the UK for the next five years .
David Cameron will be continuing as our prime minister . It 's not yet clear whether the Conservatives will manage a small overall majority or fall just short , but four other things are very clear : So , what is all this likely to mean ? A referendum on whether the UK stays in , or leaves , the European Union , within the next two-and-a-half years . A race to be the next leader of the Labour Party . A race to be the next leader of the Liberal Democrats . And a huge new presence of Scottish National Party MPs at Westminster . They will be the third biggest party in the Commons - just months after losing a referendum that defines what the party exists to promote . And so here 's another thing we know for certain this morning : Politics ai n't going to be boring any time soon .	After weeks of chatter about an election too close to call , it was n't that close at all .
An interior ministry spokesman also named a suicide bomber who killed four security officers near a mosque in the sacred city of Medina as Naer Muslim Hamad , a 26-year-old Saudi man . The ministry said he had a history of drug abuse . Three people who allegedly carried out attacks in Qatif were also named . Their nationalities are not clear . Their names were given as Abdulrahman al-Omar ( 23 ) , Ibrahim al-Omar ( 20 ) and Abdulkarim al-Husni ( 20 ) . The ministry said none of them had Saudi IDs . The attacks in Qatif took place on the same day and were also suicide bombings . A man died in Jeddah on Monday when attempting to detonate a bomb . No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks yet but they are suspected to have been the work of people with allegiances to so-called Islamic State .	Saudi officials say 12 out of 19 people arrested over Monday 's three bomb attacks in the country are Pakistani .
The 28-year-old joined from Reading last August and scored three goals in 29 league games last season . `` It was a strong season and I want to build on the good work and contribute to a more successful future , '' he said . Albion , who finished 10th in the Premier League in 2016-17 , begin the new season at home to Bournemouth . Manager Tony Pulis has signed striker Jay Rodriguez from Southampton this summer and Robson-Kanu believes the new addition provides `` vital competition '' . He added : `` We want to be as competitive as possible and everyone will be pushing each other over the course of the season . ''	West Bromwich Albion striker Hal Robson-Kanu has signed a three-year contract extension to keep him at the Premier League club until 2020 .
Derek Forsyth 's men , playing for the first time at this level , scored first at Lee Valley through Tim Atkins but trailed 2-1 after the first quarter . Alan Forsyth , Gordon McIntyre and Kenny Bain went close but the Blue Sticks trailed 6-1 going into the final quarter at Lee Valley in London . Bain 's two late goals made it 6-3 . Scotland drew one and lost three of their Pool B matches and missed the chance to reach the quarter-finals and a possible World Cup place .	Scotland men lost their Hockey World League Semi-Final ninth/10th-place play-off against South Korea as they were undone by clinical finishing .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 23-year-old wing has not played any 15-man rugby since 2013 . Sebastien Bezy also makes his debut at scrum-half , with Morgan Parra and Francois Trinh-Duc not match fit . Lock Paul Jedrasiak and centre Jonathan Dantyare the other uncapped men chosen by new coach Guy Noves , who replaced Philippe Saint-Andre last year . France team : Maxime Medard ; Hugo Bonneval , Gael Fickou , Jonathan Danty , Virimi Vakatawa ; Jules Plisson , Sebastien Bezy ; Louis Picamoles , Damien Chouly , Wenceslas Lauret ; Yoann Maestri , Paul Jedrasiak ; Rabah Slimani , Guilhem Guirado ( capt ) , Eddy Ben Arous . Replacements : Camille Chat , Uini Atonio , Jefferson Poirot , Alexandre Flanquart , Yacouba Camara , Maxime Machenaud , Jean-Marc Doussain , Maxime Mermoz	Sevens specialist Virimi Vakatawa is one of four uncapped players in the France squad to face Italy in Paris in Saturday 's opening Six Nations match .
The 27-year-old Argentine , who won the US Open in 2009 , last played at Miami in March . He has had wrist surgery three times since 2010 , the third time in June 2015 , and asked fans not to expect too much immediately after his comeback . `` I know you are anxious to see me play , but I ask you for patience , '' he said .	Former world number four Juan Martin del Potro will make his comeback at Delray Beach on 15 February after almost a year out with a wrist injury .
UK and Wales Green Party leaders Natalie Bennett and Pippa Bartolotti joined about 200 people on the march from the Guildhall at 12.30 BST . It was organised by The People 's Assembly - a group opposing public sector spending cuts by the UK government . Campaigners , including Plaid Cymru AM Bethan Jenkins , ended the march with a rally in Castle Gardens .	Hundreds turned out for an anti-austerity march in Swansea on Saturday .
The sixth Fylde coast festival - previously known as Lytham Proms - will take place on 2-9 August . Ocean will be joined on the Friday '80s v 90s ' night by Jimmy Somerville , Chesney Hawkes , East 17 , 5ive , Sinitta and the Vengaboys . The Last Night of the Proms on the Sunday will be headlined by Marti Pellow and also star Elaine Paige . The open-air music events on Lytham Green will be held on 6-9 August with other comedy , literature and music events at other venues across the town during the week .	Eighties R & B star Billy Ocean is to headline at this summer 's extended Lytham Festival .
Ms Bowden , who is the union Unison Cymru 's head of health , was selected from an all-woman short list . Last month , Education Minister Huw Lewis announced he would stand down after representing the constituency for 17 years . Earlier this month , the all-woman shortlist drew criticism from local councillors .	Labour has selected Dawn Bowden as its assembly election candidate for Merthyr and Rhymney .
The stone near the village of Serre was unveiled by the Lord Mayor of Bradford on Saturday and overlooks trenches used by the soldiers in the battle . It is a replica of one in the Memorial Gardens in Bradford . Pals battalions were formed as friends and colleagues enlisted together , many were formed in northern towns . The inscription on the stone reads : `` To the memory of the soldiers of the Bradford Pals and the other servicemen of West Yorkshire who served in the Great War 1914-18 . 'And lo a mighty army came out of the North . ' '' The stone was quarried in Bradford and transported to France . The first Bradford Pals battalion was raised at the Bradford Mechanic 's Institute in 1914 and a hundred-year-old union jack that flew above the institute was used in the unveiling . Local dignitaries were present with representatives of veteran groups and the Commonwealth War Graves Commission . Councillor Geoff Reid , the lord mayor of Bradford , said : `` We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to these brave men from Bradford who gave their lives during the First World War . ''	A memorial stone dedicated to a Yorkshire military unit has been unveiled in France 100 years after the final day of the Battle of the Somme .
The 81-year-old was taken to a hospital in the West Bank city after feeling exhausted and experiencing chest pains . Doctors performed a cardiac catheterisation procedure , in which a thin plastic tube is inserted into a blood vessel to check for blockages . Everything appeared normal and Mr Abbas was due to be discharged shortly . `` His arteries look great , and there is no need for him to stay in the hospital , '' heart specialist Dr Mohammed al-Batrawi told reporters . The Palestinian leader underwent another heart procedure known as an angioplasty to open clogged arteries in 2005 . He was elected president earlier that year after the death of Yasser Arafat , with whom he co-founded the Fatah movement and helped establish the Palestine Liberation Organisation .	Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas has undergone a series of routine heart tests and all results were normal , doctors in Ramallah say .
Its survey , based on analysis of about 20,000 properties , suggested that average monthly rent paid by private tenants rose to Â£846 . The increase was sharpest in the South East of England . The annual rise in this region of 14.9 % was explained by a ripple effect from high rents in London . London had the highest average monthly rents , at Â£1,273 , the survey suggested . Adrian Gill , director of Your Move , said : `` The UK 's vote to leave the European Union has not caused any immediate change in the rental market , although we must wait for longer term trends to develop . '' Tenants ' finances worsened in July , with 9 % of tenancies having arrears of a day or more , up from 8.4 % in June . This was still well below a high of 14.6 % recorded in February 2010 . The survey follows figures from the Office for National Statistics , which found that rental prices paid by tenants in Britain rose by 2.4 % in the 12 months to July . Where can I afford to live ?	The cost of renting a home in England and Wales was 5.2 % higher in July than the same month a year earlier , according to lettings agent Your Move .
The first Writers Lab will accept submissions between 1 May and 1 June , with the eight winning writers announced on 1 August . They will then be mentored by the likes of Boyhood producer Caroline Kaplan and Legally Blonde writer Kirsten Smith . The news was announced at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York . The prize-winners will be invited to a weekend retreat in upstate New York this September . The New York Women in Film and Television ( NYWIFT ) , which will help run the scheme , said Streep had made a `` significant '' financial contribution . Collective IRIS , which also champions women in film , will organise the retreat . Applicants must be US citizens or permanent residents and scripts must be written in the English language . Streep has been a long-time advocate for equality . She was seen cheering on Patricia Arquette during her Oscars acceptance speech earlier this year , in which she demanded wage equality and equal rights for women in the US . The actress is also playing Emmeline Pankhurst , who founded the Women 's Social and Political Union in the UK , in the upcoming film Suffragette . The film is due to be released in October .	Hollywood actress Meryl Streep is championing female authors by funding a screenwriters development programme for women over 40 in the US .
Rosena Allin-Khan , who works at St George 's Hospital , was selected at the party 's candidate on Saturday . The by-election will be held on 16 June . Mr Khan triggered the election earlier this week when he formally stepped down as MP , after 11 years , to focus on his duties as London mayor . Writing on her website , Ms Allin-Khan describes herself as a `` passionate local , a community activist and health advocate '' . She adds : `` As someone who was born and bred in Tooting , it would be an honour to be your next MP and serve the community I call home . The mother-of-two is also a Wandsworth Labour councillor . Mr Khan was first elected to represent Tooting for Labour in the 2005 general election . Winning 1,310,143 votes in the London mayoral election , he received the largest personal mandate of any politician in UK history .	An A & E doctor has been chosen by Labour to fight the Tooting by-election after new London mayor Sadiq Khan stepped down as an MP .
Camps , 21 , only signed a new deal in March which tied him to the League One club until 2018 . He has been with the club since the age of 12 and made 51 appearances last term , scoring nine goals and captaining the side on a number of occasions . `` It 's only a matter time before we get in the play-offs or get promotion , '' Camps told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Rochdale midfielder Callum Camps has agreed a contract extension , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
It was announced after Presidents Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin met for the first time at G20 talks on Friday . The truce is also backed by Jordan . It is in force along a line agreed by Syrian government forces and rebels . About 300,000 people have been killed in Syria 's conflict , which began with protests in 2011 . Another 11 million have been forced from their homes . Russia and the US have backed opposing sides , with Moscow supporting the Damascus government while Washington has called for the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Russian forces and a US-led coalition have been carrying out air strikes in their respective campaigns . The ceasefire , which Russia has said covers the regions of Deraa , Quneitra and Sweida , was reported to result from months of undisclosed talks between Russian and US officials . Speaking after the meeting between Mr Putin and Mr Trump in the German city of Hamburg , US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said : `` This is our first indication of the US and Russia being able to work together in Syria . '' Mr Tillerson said Friday 's meeting also showed that the two countries eventual aims for Syria were `` exactly the same '' - but they differed on how they should be achieved .	A ceasefire brokered by the US and Russia has come into force in south-western Syria .
The 19-year-old came from a break down in the deciding set to win 6-2 3-6 7-5 . Zverev is the first man to beat Wawrinka in a tour final since 2013 and also ended his 10-match winning streak . Briton Dominic Inglot and Finland 's Henri Kontinen beat Russia 's Konstantin Kravchuk and Andrey Kuznetsov 6-3 6-0 to win the doubles title . `` I 'm full of emotions . I just could n't have chosen a better place to win my maiden title , '' said Zverev . `` It was really hard when I was trailing 3-0 in the deciding set but I forced myself to keep on fighting . And now I 'm really happy with my win . ''	German teenager Alexander Zverev stunned US Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka to claim his first ATP title at the St Petersburg Open .
Board members will meet in India on 29 March to discuss a move that would see 1,000 jobs axed across the UK , including 750 at Port Talbot . But Community union members met Tata 's European chief executive on Monday amid concerns the plant could be mothballed . In January , Tata said `` tough actions '' were critical because of `` extremely difficult market conditions '' . Community 's general secretary Roy Rickhuss said the likelihood of job losses had been `` tough to accept '' but workers were determined to make the proposal work . He added : `` Reports that suggest the Tata board in India will reject this turnaround plan are deeply concerning and Community will be doing all we can to ensure the company do not go down this route . `` The workers at Port Talbot have achieved everything asked of them and deserve the continued support of Tata . ''	Tata Steel could `` pull the plug '' on a plan to save Port Talbot steelworks , a union has warned .
Former Glenn Hoddle Academy product Benbow , 26 , scored 32 goals for the Glassboys in last season 's Northern Premier League promotion near miss . He also scored eight times in Stourbridge 's run to the third round of the FA Cup , when they lost at Wycombe . Lait and Benbow , who had spells at both Cheltenham and Burton , are Moors ' first signings this summer . Moors manager Liam McDonald has already signed striker Oladapo Afolayan , skipper Liam Daly , fellow defenders Joel Kettle , Kristian Green and Calum Flanagan and midfielders George Carline , Ashley Sammons and Simeon Maye on new contracts for the 2017-18 season . The club have so far lost strikers Harry White , to Chester , Andy Brown , defender Connor Franklin , who joined Brackley Town , and keeper Danny Lewis . Benbow and Lait are the latest members of Stourbridge 's successful FA Cup side to move on following Dan Scarr 's move to Birmingham City in January .	Solihull Moors have signed Luke Benbow and his strike partner Chris Lait from non-league neighbours Stourbridge .
Police said a 36-year-old man had been detained in police custody and charged with firearms offences . It follows a planned operation by the officers at Whitehill Court in Dennistoun at about 19:20 on Thursday . The man is expected to appear at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Saturday and a report has been sent to the procurator fiscal . In a statement , Police Scotland said : `` About 7.20pm last night officers searched a house in Whitehill Court , Dennistoun , as part of a planned operation . `` As a result , a 36-year-old man has been arrested and detained in police custody with alleged firearms offences . A report has been sent to the procurator fiscal . ''	A man has been arrested after an operation by firearms officers in the east end of Glasgow .
The home side were set to resume on 223-4 , 300 runs ahead , with opener Keaton Jennings on 105 not out . Rain during the morning meant that a prompt start was impossible . And umpires Rob Bailey and Nigel Cowley took the decision to abandon play for the day shortly before 14:45 BST after inspecting conditions in the middle .	Durham were denied the chance to press home their advantage against Somerset as bad weather prevented any play on day three at the Riverside .
The supermarket , which has announced a big rise in full-year profits , will build a distribution centre at Capital Business Park in Wentloog . The planned 42,200 sq m ( 454,000 sq ft ) warehouse , offices and loading bays would sit by the Gwent Levels . The development was given planning permission by Cardiff council . Plans for a regional distribution centre for Aldi at the site were first submitted in 2004 but were put on hold . Based in Essen , Germany , the firm opened its first UK stores in 1990 and has more than 450 shops across the country . On Monday , it announced it had increased its share of the British grocery market after posting a big rise in full-year profits .	The discount supermarket chain Aldi is to build a warehouse on the outskirts of Cardiff , which it claims will create 400 jobs .
Tommy Ward was found badly beaten at his house in Salisbury Road , Maltby , South Yorkshire on 1 October 2015 . Around Â£30,000 was thought to have been stolen from his home in the attack . The former miner died from his injuries in hospital on 23 February . His daughter Jackie Perry said the family `` ca n't move on '' . `` I do n't go in to Maltby , '' she said . `` I used to go down the High Street with my daughters on a Saturday morning , take the grandkids into the pet shop . `` But I ca n't do that because I know somebody knows something and they 're not coming forward , and that 's what we need . '' She added : `` It 's been a terrible , long year . We want justice for my dad . '' Three South Yorkshire men were arrested on suspicion of murder in August , but were later released on bail without charge .	The family of an 80-year-old man who died following a violent robbery at his home have appealed for information on the anniversary of the attack .
Stephen Gutierrez was to address jurors on Wednesday when smoke began billowing from his pocket , witnesses said . The attorney fled the court and later returned unharmed with a singed pocket , blaming a faulty battery in his e-cigarette , the Miami Herald reports . Mr Gutierrez , who had been arguing that his client 's car spontaneously caught fire , said it was not a stunt . `` It was surreal , '' one witness told the Herald , while another pointed out that `` a lot of people could have been hurt '' . Police and prosecutors are investigating the incident , the newspaper reports , saying that officers `` seized several frayed e-cigarette batteries as evidence '' . Mr Gutierrez , 28 , was making his closing argument to jurors when the fire erupted . He returned to the court moments after running out , still wearing the singed pants , to explain the incident . The defence attorney was representing Claudy Charles , who was accused of intentionally setting fire to his car in South Miami-Dade . Jurors later convicted Charles of second-degree arson . E-cigarettes have been known to catch fire spontaneously , with several incidents caught on video .	A Florida defence lawyer 's trousers have reportedly caught fire in court during an arson trial .
They say the animals had to be taken out into the bitter cold after the wooden trailer they were travelling in caught fire in the Novosibirsk region . The elephants , aged 45 and 48 , suffered frostbite to the tips of their ears amid temperatures of -40C ( -40F ) But they were warmed up by two cases of vodka mixed with warm water , one official was quoted as saying . `` They started roaring like if they were in the jungle ! Perhaps , they were happy , '' the official told Russia 's Ria Novosti news agency . The animals continued their recovery in a heated garage of a local college where they were brought by a truck under police escort . The elephants belong to a Polish circus , which has been touring the region , reports say . Like with humans , alcohol can make animals feel warmer but it actually lowers their core body temperature , scientists say . But Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper quoted Novosibirsk zoo director Rostislav Shilo as saying that the elephants were not harmed or intoxicated by the vodka , and that without it they would have died of hypothermia or pneumonia .	Two elephants have been saved from the deadly Siberian cold by drinking vodka , Russian officials say .
Junaid Hussain , 18 , admitted putting details online in June 2011 and making hoax calls to a counter-terror hotline . He was a leader of Team Poison , a computer hacking group which has claimed responsibility for more than 1,400 illegal activities . He was given a three month sentence for each offence at Southwark Crown Court . The jail terms will run consecutively . Team Poison - which identifies itself as `` TeaMp0isoN '' online - has previously claimed responsibility for computer hacking attacks involving foreign politicians , major international businesses , an international humanitarian agency and foreign law enforcement . Hussain admitted making the hoax calls to the Metropolitan Police anti-terrorist hotline between January 1 2010 and April 14 2012 , which prevented legitimate callers getting through . A further offence was left to lie on file . Scotland Yard said further investigations are ongoing into the activities of other members of TeamPoison .	A hacker from Birmingham has been jailed for six months after publishing the address book of former Prime Minister Tony Blair on the internet .
Two-time All Star-winning 'keeper Paul Durcan is overseas and McGinley has been handed the number one jersey for the first round tie in Ballybofey . Experienced defender Eamon McGee is not named in manager Rory Gallagher 's team but captain Michael Murphy starts despite doubts over his fitness . Donegal are aiming to reach the Ulster final for a sixth year in a row . Donegal ( v Fermanagh ) : MA McGinley ; P McGrath , N McGee , K Lacey ; R McHugh , F McGlynn , A Thompson ; R Kavanagh , H McFadden ; L McLoone , M McElhinney , O MacNiallais ; P McBrearty , M Murphy , M O'Reilly .	Goalkeeper Marc Anthony McGinley makes his championship debut for Donegal in Sunday 's Ulster clash with Fermanagh .
The National Anthropology Institute said tests showed the remains dated back to the eighth century . Scientists hope pottery found in the cave will help them determine the community those buried belonged to . It was first feared the bodies could belong to victims of the decades-long civil war in neighbouring Guatemala . Farmers had found the bodies in a cave on the Nuevo Ojo de Agua ranch , some 20km ( 11 miles ) from the Guatemalan border , and alerted the authorities . Initial tests suggested the bodies were at least 50 years old , leading some activists in Guatemala to speculate they may have belonged to victims of the 1960-1996 civil conflict . But forensic experts have since said the skulls showed signs of a deformation typical of native communities dating back 1,000 years and more . The Maya people who thrived in the region for nearly 2,000 years used planks to flatten and elongate the skulls of their children . Anthropologists continue to examine the remains in an effort to determine the sex , age and ethnic make-up of the bodies .	Anthropologists in Mexico say the remains of 167 bodies found in a cave in the southern state of Chiapas were part of an ancient burial ground .
Chrissy Kendall was found dead at a property in Kinver Road , Moston in Manchester , at 13:00 GMT on Saturday . Det Supt Phil Reade said : `` My thoughts are with Chrissy 's family at this devastating time . '' The results of post-mortem tests are expected later . A 46-year-old man , who was arrested in Failsworth , is in police custody for questioning .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a 46-year-old woman was found at a house .
Nyah James , 14 , was found dead at her home in Blaenymaes , Swansea , on 6 February . Jordan Clements , 20 , told one girl she would be `` strung up with the dead cows in the butchers '' . He admitted two counts of harassment and two of sending communications of an indecent or offensive nature . Swansea Magistrates ' Court heard how Clements told police he sent the messages when angry and upset and wanted to make the girls feel the way his sister had felt . His victims - who can not be identified - felt frightened and anxious by the messages , the court heard . The case was adjourned for reports .	An upset brother sent abusive messages to four schoolgirls he thought had bullied his sister before she died , a court heard .
The incident happened at about 20:45 on Saturday on the B7015 Stoneyburn to Livingston road in West Calder , near its junction with Happy Valley Road . The 24-year-old woman was walking home with her boyfriend when she was hit by the small white car . The woman was taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh for treatment to a number of injuries . The road was closed for about two and a half hours for a police investigation . Insp Richard Latto , of Police Scotland , said : `` Fortunately , the woman was not left with any life-threatening injuries and we are now eager to trace the driver , who may not even be aware they were involved in a collision . `` If you are the driver of a small white car which was on the B7015 at about 20:45 on Saturday evening then please contact police immediately . `` In addition , anyone with any further information relevant to this inquiry should also get in touch . ''	A woman suffered a broken foot after being knocked down in a hit-and-run in West Lothian .
Italian Forestieri , 26 , has scored 21 goals in 61 appearances since joining the Owls from Watford in August 2015 . Hutchinson , 27 , joined Wednesday from Chelsea in July 2014 and has made 68 league appearances . Both players will now stay at Hillsborough until the end of the 2019-20 season . Forestieri 's previous deal was due to run out in 2019 and he was linked with a move away last summer after winning the club 's player of the year award . The Owls , losing play-off finalists last season , occupy the final Championship play-off position this campaign after just one defeat in their last nine league matches .	Sheffield Wednesday forward Fernando Forestieri and midfielder Sam Hutchinson have signed new deals .
The Scottish Rugby Union said it was `` saddened to learn '' of the death of the former Scotland and British Lions prop . He made his international debut against France in 1954 and won 40 consecutive caps for his country . Mr McLeod , dubbed the `` Hawick Hardman '' due to his strength and fitness , was inducted into Scottish Rugby 's Hall of Fame last year . As well as playing for the British Lions in 1955 and 1959 , he played 14 times for the Barbarians between those years . His last international was a draw against England in March 1962 . Off the field , he worked in the building trade and went on to own a sports shop . He played all his club rugby for Hawick , went on to be president , and was named in the club 's greatest ever team . Current Hawick president Rory Bannerman said : `` He was the consummate professional and a legend throughout the rugby world . `` He will be a well-missed figure cycling up and down the High Street in Hawick where you did n't want to get in his way just like on the field . `` Hugh was probably the greatest ever player to pull on the green jersey for Hawick . ''	Tributes have been paid to Scottish rugby great Hugh McLeod , from Hawick , who died on Monday at the age of 81 .
The robbery happened at United Wholesale in Easter Queenslie Road at about 15:15 on Monday . Police said the three men made off in a silver Mercedes C Class saloon car , driven by a fourth man . A bag strap was sticking out of the boot . The car was driven north along Bartiebeith Road and was last seen on Blairtummock Road towards Stepps Road . Det Insp Alasdair Barlow , of Police Scotland , said : `` This was a reckless and dangerous crime which terrified staff and members of the public who were within the wholesalers at the time . `` Luckily nobody was hurt , but it is absolutely imperative that we trace the perpetrators as soon as possible . `` We know that prior to the suspects entering the car , they threw a black holdall containing the stolen cash into the boot . When they closed the boot , the handle of the bag was left sticking out and would have been visible to other motorists driving behind the vehicle . '' He added : `` I would like to speak to anyone who was driving in the surrounding area yesterday afternoon , who may have noticed a silver Mercedes C Class with a bag strap sticking out of the boot . `` Officers are working to further establish the movements of the vehicle in the aftermath of the robbery and your information could prove vital to our investigation . ''	Armed robbers threatened staff at a Glasgow wholesalers with a suspected gun before escaping with a sum of cash .
The fight is on the undercard of Chris Eubank Jr 's bout with Renold Quinlan . Selby , 28 , won the vacant IBF Inter-Continental Flyweight title with victory via TKO against Jake Bornea at Wembley Arena in November 2016 . Diale , 28 , from the Philippines , has won 32 of his 46 fights , lost 10 and drawn four . Selby , the younger brother of IBF featherweight champion Lee , has been tipped as a future world champion . A former European amateur champion , he has won all seven of his fights since turning professional .	Welsh boxer Andrew Selby will fight the experienced Ardin Diale for the WBC International Flyweight title at London 's Olympia on 4 February .
Coleman , 46 , who is from the city , was recently appointed an OBE after guiding Wales to the semi-finals of Euro 2016 - its first major tournament in 58 years . He will receive the accolade at a congregation for the College of Human and Health Sciences on Wednesday . His is one of six such degrees to be presented at the Bay Campus ' Great Hall this week . Swansea University 's honorary degree awards are made annually to recognise those who have made outstanding contributions to the university , region and Wales . It will present an honorary master of science ( MSc ) award to Ospreys rugby club chairman Roger Blyth on Monday , before a doctorate in science is handed to the vice-chancellor of the Universiti Malaysia Terengganu in Kuala Lumpur , Prof Dato Dr Nor Aieni Haji Mokhtar . Former Labour AM Gwenda Thomas will receive a doctor of letters award on Tuesday , with former Plaid Cymru AM Helen Mary Jones getting the same honour . On Wednesday , Peter Vaughan , chief constable of South Wales Police , will be given a doctor of science award before Mr Coleman receives his MSc . Coleman , whose side was knocked out by ultimate Euro 2016 winners Portugal , was granted the freedom of Swansea in October .	Wales football manager Chris Coleman is to receive an honorary degree from Swansea University .
The incident happened in the garden of a house on Newington Road at about 10:30 on Saturday . The worker was confronted by a man and then followed for a short while . The Royal Mail employee was unhurt but said to be left in a `` state of shock '' . PC Emma Neylon said it was a `` strange incident '' to happen in broad daylight on a Saturday morning . The man police want to trace is described as being white , in his early 40s , about 5ft 6in to 5ft 8in tall with short brown hair described as ruffled . He was wearing a navy blue hooded top , beige shorts and spoke a foreign language . The man was acting in what was described as an `` erratic manner '' .	A postal worker has been threatened and then followed by a man while making his deliveries in Annan .
Colin Smyth said there had been a `` very robust discussion '' between police , organisers and the council . He said it was clear charging policies had changed since the introduction of a national police force . However , he said it was `` encouraging '' the importance of the music festivals had been recognised . `` There was a commitment by everyone to work together to find a way forward , '' he said . `` The police will meet event organisers at as early a stage in the planning process as possible for next year 's events to thrash out a policing plan . `` That could allow organisers for example to tweak stewarding plans with advice from the police to possibly minimise police costs , so from that point of view the meeting was constructive . '' Ch Supt Gary Ritchie also said he felt the talks had been worthwhile . `` I 'm pleased that event organisers acknowledge and accept that the policing necessary to ensure public safety at events can not be provided to the detriment of policing our local communities , '' he said . `` I look forward to positive and constructive partnerships with event organisers for the forthcoming year which I 'm sure will enhance the region 's reputation for hosting attractive , exciting and , above all , safe events . ''	A south of Scotland MSP has said talks over the impact of rising policing costs on music festivals in Dumfries and Galloway proved constructive .
The South Korean company 's shares dropped more than 6 % on Monday . Samsung recalled 2.5 million phones last week after reports of the device exploding during or after charging . Airline passengers were warned by US authorities not to use or charge the phones while on board . Aviation authorities in several other countries and individual airlines have since then also banned the use of the devices on their flights . What makes lithium batteries catch fire ? Hand in 'exploding ' phones - Samsung The company had already said it would replace all devices that customers would hand in . According to Samsung , battery problems were behind the phones catching fire , but the firm said it was difficult to work out which phones were affected among those sold . The phone was launched last month and has been otherwise generally well-received by consumers and critics .	Samsung shares fell sharply on Monday , hitting a two-month low after the firm urged users not to use its flagship Note 7 phone and exchange the device due to fears it might catch fire .
From 5th January 2017 , the dinosaur will be taken apart piece by piece and cleaned , before visiting museums around the UK . A huge blue whale skeleton will take his place in the Museum 's main Hintze Hall . Watch our video to find out if Dippy will be visiting a museum near you ! So in case you miss him while he gets dismantled and packed away , here 's five Dippy Dino Facts to keep you going	Dippy the Diplodocus at London 's Natural History Museum is a legend , and now he 's going on tour .
The chicks were found sitting in their nest by driver Barry Dalton as he was doing a safety check on the vehicle . Four chicks were found , although one named John , has since died . Secret World Wildlife Rescue centre named the surviving chicks Paul , George and Ringo after The Beatles and will release them into the wild . Mr Dalton said : `` Sometimes we find old nests in our vehicles but we 've never found a nest full of baby birds before . ''	Three robin chicks have survived a 192-mile ( 309km ) road trip from Liverpool to Glastonbury on the chassis of a trailer .
The 33-year-old , who is in his second spell with the club , will remain at Lord 's until the end of 2018 . Compton took a six-week break from the game last summer after a disappointing Test series against Sri Lanka . `` Nick had a difficult season in 2016 , but he remains a high-quality player , '' managing director of cricket Angus Fraser said . `` He is fit and still has an extremely strong desire to score runs , and to contribute to the success of Middlesex . '' Right-hander Compton scored just 51 runs in five innings against Sri Lanka , and has not added to his 16 Test caps since that series ended . The former Somerset player scored 436 runs at an average of 27.27 in 10 outings in the County Championship last year as Middlesex won the Division One title for the first time since 1993 . He has scored 6,278 runs in 174 appearances for the club in all formats of the game . Meanwhile , Middlesex all-rounder Toby Roland-Jones has been added to the South squad for the first North v South one-day series in Dubai and Abu Dhabi next month . The 29-year-old replaces Kent 's Matt Coles , who suffered a toe injury during the Spitfires ' recent trip to Antigua to play in the West Indies domestic 50-over competition .	England batsman Nick Compton has extended his contract with county champions Middlesex .
The incident happened in Whatriggs Road , in the Bellfield area of Kilmarnock , at about 01:30 on Saturday . The injured men were taken to the town 's Crosshouse Hospital for treatment and were later released . Police inquiries into the incident are continuing .	Four men have been stabbed during what police called a `` large-scale disturbance '' in East Ayrshire .
The pileated gibbon was born several weeks prematurely , and there were fears that it would not survive . The zoo began the breeding programme in 2001 and staff are `` cautiously optimistic '' they have achieved their first success with the rare primate . Pileated gibbons are classed as endangered by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature . More on the pileated gibbon , and other Devon and Cornwall news The baby gibbon 's parents are both nine years old , with its mother Shukdi born at Zoo d'Anson in France . Curator of Mammals Neil Bemment said : `` This is Paignton Zoo 's first surviving pileated gibbon baby - I 'm really pleased . `` As we have been trying to breed this species for 15 years , but alas our previous female was not a good mother . ''	A rare type of gibbon has been born at Paignton Zoo - after 15 years of trying .
The final was broadcast from the Ulster Hall , Belfast , on BBC Radio Ulster on Sunday . Sixty choirs battled it out over the course of the past eight weeks . Six schools from across Northern Ireland took part in the live final . The awards to the two schools were presented by guest judge Connie Fisher . The choirs taking part in the junior category final were : Pond Park Primary School , Lisburn ; Fairview Primary , Ballyclare and St Lawrence 's Primary School , Fintona . In the senior category competing in the final were : Wellington College , Belfast ; Regent House Grammar School , Newtownards and Carrickfergus Grammar School . The two overall winning choirs will feature across a range of BBC Radio Ulster 's programming and events during this year . If you missed the programme , catch it again via the BBC Radio iPlayer by logging on to : bbc.co.uk/radio and follow the links to BBC Radio Ulster . Films and photos of the choirs ' performances are online at bbc.co.uk/schoolchoiroftheyear	St Lawrence 's Primary School , Fintona and Regent House Grammar School , Newtownards have been named as Northern Ireland 's top senior and junior school choirs in the BBC Radio Ulster School Choir Of The Year .
Coastguard rescue teams hoisted him back up the slope at Slains Castle near Cruden Bay , after he fell shortly after 10:00 on Sunday morning . Aberdeen Coastguard said he suffered injuries including fractures but his condition was not life threatening . Three coastguard teams , the Peterhead lifeboat and a rescue helicopter from Inverness were involved in the rescue .	A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling four metres down a cliff in Aberdeenshire .
The woman in her 20s , named locally as Kerri McAuley , was found at Southalls Way near Mousehold Heath at about 22:40 GMT on Sunday , Norfolk Police said . The detained man , also in his 20s , is being held in police custody ahead of questioning . The property is sealed off while officers carry out forensic examinations . Det Ch Insp Pete Hornby said the force was `` working to establish the sequence of events which led to this woman 's death '' and called for anyone with information to make contact . A post-mortem examination is due to take place later .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Norwich .
The Devon side rejected several offers for the 21-year-old , with manager Paul Tisdale grateful to the club 's board . `` Tis and my agent kept me up to date , so I knew what was going on . Everyone was very honest and we got through it in a nice way , '' Watkins told BBC Devon . `` I carried on playing because I said to Tis , that 's what I want to do . '' The Torbay-born player added : `` I insisted on playing because I wanted to help the team , and felt that was right for me . '' Watkins played in all five of Exeter 's games in January , scoring twice as they picked up maximum points to rise to fourth in League Two . `` It has been difficult , not knowing what can happen - I could 've been somewhere else in a week 's time and there was a lot of speculation , '' said Watkins . `` It 's all about risks and we 're doing really well here , I want to help Exeter get promoted . '' Tisdale concedes the player will move on , but believes the right decision has been made . `` We could easily have let him go and taken some considerable money , but I think we 'll get more at some point not too far in the future , '' he said .	Exeter City forward Ollie Watkins says he `` insisted '' on playing through the January transfer window , despite the club receiving bids for him .
The group , which included nine Britons , were detained on 10 July during a tour of ancient China and accused of watching banned terrorist videos . The tourists said that the incident was a misunderstanding , and that they were watching a documentary about Genghis Khan . The BBC 's Carrie Gracie reports from Ordos .	The last of 20 foreign tourists arrested in Ordos , Inner Mongolia are to be deported from China .
The Premier League side were charged after failing to ensure their club whereabouts information was accurate on three occasions . Clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so they are available for testing at all times . The Cherries were also warned about their future conduct . It is understood part of the charge concerned a player not informing the club of his new home address , while another part related to members of the Under-21 squad training with the first-team at short notice . Manchester City were also fined £35,000 and given a warning after accepting a similar charge in February .	Bournemouth have been fined £35,000 after admitting a breach of Football Association anti-doping rules .
Multiple blazes started near Broadhead Road , Darwen shortly before 16:00 BST on Sunday . Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service incident commander Jerry Cragg said `` numerous individuals '' were `` spotted at the time remaining in a fire setting '' . Lancashire Police has launched an investigation . The incident commander said they were aided by crews from Greater Manchester and mountain rescue teams .	More than 60 firefighters have been tackling `` intense '' fires on moorland in Lancashire started deliberately , said the fire service .
Watson , 25 , has scored 14 tries in 29 games for Falcons , and was in the Great Britain Sevens team which won a silver medal at the Rio Olympics in 2016 . Ben Harris , 27 , made one appearance for Wasps earlier this season after joining on a short-term loan deal . Antonio Harris , 21 , has scored seven tries in 18 games this season . `` We already know a lot about Ben and believe he has real potential at this level . TJ [ Antonio ] Harris has also impressed us in the Championship and we think he still has lots of growth in him , '' director of rugby Dai Young said . `` We always want an exciting back three , with pace on the wing , as we feel we have great distributors in our inside backs . We want to make sure we have deadly finishers to execute the chances they create . `` Marcus certainly fits into that category brilliantly , as he has shown already at international level on the sevens circuit and in the Aviva Premiership . ''	Wasps have signed winger Marcus Watson and prop Ben Harris from Newcastle , along with Nottingham hooker Antonio Harris , for the 2017-18 season .
The Bank also warned Brexit uncertainty was beginning to drag on UK investment . Sterling ended down dropped 0.6 % against the dollar to $ 1.3146 and shed 0.78 % against the euro to 1.1068 euros . The 100-share index gained ground . It build gains as the pound slipped further throughout the afternoon to end 63 points higher at 7,7475 . Clothing retailer Next saw its shares surge 9.2 % after it increased its dividend to shareholders . The firm was the biggest riser on the FTSE 100 in Thursday morning trading amid positive reaction to its quarterly trading statement . Medical technology company Convatec was the worst performer , down 5.6 % after reporting a 7.4 % fall in operating profit for the first half of the year .	The pound fell and the FTSE 100 rose after the Bank of England announced it was leaving interest rates unchanged and downgrading UK growth forecasts .
Egnedol wants to invest £685m in a renewable energy facility at the former Gulf refinery at Waterston and the RNAD Blackbridge site in Milford Haven . But Planning Inspectorate Wales has suspended the Cypriot-owned company 's application for six months . It said it had provided `` inadequate '' information on several protected species and habitats . The plant would see biomass converted into a biogas , which would be used to produce green electricity or green liquid fuels . The planning inspectorate has written to Egnedol to say it was going to `` suspend the examination '' of its planning application until 30 September 2017 . It said the company 's environmental statement is `` inadequate '' in respect of the effects the biomass plant would have on protected species and habitats , and urged it to carry out further assessments .	Plans to create a biomass plant , which would create 560 jobs in Pembrokeshire , have been put on hold .
Federal officials said Nicholas Young , 36 , sent an FBI informant about $ 250 worth of credits for mobile messaging accounts used by IS fighters . Mr Young 's arrest marks the first time a US police officer has been charged with helping IS militants . Authorities said there was no threat to the Washington transport system . Mr Young had been under investigation since 2010 , the FBI said . The FBI said that Mr Young had travelled in 2011 to Libya to fight with rebels trying to overthrow President Muammar Gaddafi . He packed body armour and other military gear , authorities said . Authorities said Mr Young was an acquaintance of Amine El Khalifi , who later pleaded guilty to plotting a suicide bombing at the US Capitol Building in 2012 . Mr Young , who has worked for the Washington transport system since 2003 , was fired after he was arrested . `` Obviously , the allegations in this case are profoundly disturbing . They 're disturbing to me , and they 're disturbing to everyone who wears the uniform , '' said Paul Wiedefeld , the general manager of the transport system .	A police officer working for the Washington transport system has been charged with aiding militants of so-called Islamic State ( IS ) .
Dorset 's County Hospital is carrying out a review of services , including maternity and paediatrics . It has prompted dozens of parents to post images of their children receiving care at the hospital in Dorchester . Dorset Clinical Commissioning Group said it was considering how to reorganise health services for the future . Photos shared on the group include children born prematurely and other poorly youngsters whose parents are opposed to any changes . Among the areas under review are the special care baby unit ( SCBU ) , Kingfisher children 's ward and maternity services at the hospital . Parents have been sharing the posts on the Save the SCBU , Kingfisher and Maternity at DCH Facebook page .	Parents have been sharing photos of their children in support of threatened child and maternity services .
What I See , which will be released in May 2017 , will consist of 300 photographs taken by the 17-year-old alongside new images of him . Penguin said the photos `` offer his followers a rare glimpse at the world through his eyes '' . The images will be accompanied by a written foreword and captions written by the model and social media star . The son of David and Victoria Beckham has 8.8 million followers on his Instagram account , where he currently posts many of his own photographs . He has also fronted a number of promotional campaigns for brands such as Burberry and Pull & Bear . Francesca Dow , managing director of Penguin Random House Children 's , said : `` Brooklyn Beckham 's images inspire a generation across the globe , and this book will give his fans a broader insight into the world seen through his unique and creative perspective . '' Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Brooklyn Beckham is to release his first book - publishers Penguin Random House have announced .
Two groups objecting to Harlan Laboratories ' breeding of animals for medical research have held protests at its four UK sites since April . A High Court injunction earlier this month ordered them not to continue to wear bloodstained clothing . The court permitted up to 100 people to protest at the Wyton site on Saturday . Protests by the National Anti-Vivisection Alliance ( NAVA ) and Stop Huntingdon Animal Cruelty ( SHAC ) had been held at Wyton and at Harlan in Leicestershire , Oxfordshire and Derbyshire . They had been marked by activists in bloodstained costumes , which the groups said represented the `` slaughter '' of animals . On 3 August , the High Court heard the clothing amounted to harassment of Harlan staff , who are involved in animal husbandry , not vivisection . After Saturday 's demonstration , protests involving up to 25 people can be held for up to three hours , once a week , at each of Harlan 's sites .	An animal rights protest which was the subject of a High Court case is being held outside a laboratory near Huntingdon .
Callejas , 72 , who is also a former head of Honduran football , made his guilty plea in a federal court in New York . Each count carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison . Callejas , who was president of Honduras from 1990 to 1994 , flew to the US in December to face the indictments . At a court appearance in December , he pleaded not guilty to the charges . But in court on Monday , he told the judge that he had accepted bribes and distributed some of the money to others , AP news agency reported . `` I knew it was wrong , '' he told the court . In a statement , the US Department of Justice said Callejas had negotiated and accepted bribes in exchange for exercising his influence as the president of the Honduran football federation to award contracts for media and marketing rights to World Cup qualifier matches . Callejas will be sentenced in August . The US is investigating 42 people and organisations suspected of involvement in seeking bribes in return for lucrative marketing rights .	Former Honduran President Rafael Callejas has pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit racketeering and wire fraud in connection with the Fifa corruption scandal .
Mr Trump 's doppelganger replaces Barack Obama 's waxwork in the set and joins various other world leaders at the attraction , including Vladimir Putin and Nelson Mandela . Mr Trump will be sworn in as the 45th US president on Friday . App users should tap on the image to compare the real Donald Trump with the waxwork Images courtesy of AFP The making of Donald Trump 's waxwork	A waxwork of Donald Trump has been unveiled at Madame Tussauds in central London ahead of the President-elect 's inauguration .
Media playback is not supported on this device Carlin added 800m freestyle silver to her 400m freestyle medal after being beaten again by record-breaking American Katie Ledecky . UK users only	Jazz Carlin is planning her summer holiday after winning her second Olympic silver medal .
Emergency services were called to the village of Lucker , near Belford , at 05:39 GMT , and found the terraced property alight . Firefighters extinguished the blaze , which had severely damaged the property , and Northumbria Police said it is believed the bodies of possibly two occupants were inside . A joint investigation into the cause of the fire has begun .	Two people are thought to have died in a house fire in Northumberland .
Dimitrov won 7-5 4-6 6-3 and next faces Russian Daniil Medvedev , who beat Steve Johnson of the US 3-6 6-4 7-6 ( 7-1 ) . Edmund , 22 , had been hoping to build on his run to the semi-finals of the Atlanta Open last week . Australian 10th seed Nick Kyrgios again succumbed to injury in his first match since retiring at Wimbledon last month . Kyrgios trailed world number 106 Tennys Sandgren of the US 6-3 3-0 when he retired with a right shoulder injury . `` Just struggling , mentally , physically , '' said the 22-year-old . French sixth seed and defending champion Gael Monfils suffered a surprise 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat by Indian qualifier Yuki Bhambri , ranked 200th . Canadian third seed Milos Raonic needed two tie-breaks to see off Frenchman Nicolas Mahut 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 7-6 ( 10-8 ) , while compatriot Eugenie Bouchard beat American eighth seed Christina McHale 7-6 ( 8-6 ) 6-0 in the first round of the women 's event .	Britain 's Kyle Edmund went out of the Citi Open in Washington with a three-set defeat by Bulgarian fourth seed Grigor Dimitrov in round two .
Construction firm Costain has been jointly awarded the contract by the Welsh government , alongside Vinci Construction and Taylor Woodrow . The plans include 24km of new motorway and a 2.5km long viaduct crossing the River Usk , as well as major remodelling of M4 junctions 23 and 29 . Development work starts immediately . Government officials said the initial work was the first 'Early Contractor Involvement ' contract , to examine development and environmental surveys as part of the statutory work that must take place before construction . The work will also assist an anticipated public inquiry into the relief road . Andrew Wyllie , chief executive of Costain , said : `` We are delighted to be developing this critical infrastructure scheme for the Welsh government . '' However , the new road is already subject to a legal challenge , with a decision over whether a judicial review can go ahead expected on Thursday .	Three firms have been awarded the contract to start work on the £1bn M4 relief road project around Newport .
Peterloo tells the story of a mass rally by pro-democracy campaigners who gathered on St Peter 's Fields to demand the right to elect their own MPs . Hundreds were injured and 15 killed when armed cavalry tried to arrest a speaker at the event . Filming for the feature is taking place close to Lincoln Castle . More on this and other local stories from across Lincolnshire As part of the preparations , signs were replaced and stalls set up . An exhibition of the Lincoln Knights was also moved . Lincoln Knightsâ€	Parts of Lincoln have been transformed to represent Manchester in 1819 for Mike Leigh 's new film about the Peterloo Massacre .
Gloucestershire Warwickshire Steam Railway ( GWSR ) currently runs between Cheltenham and Laverton but wants to extend to Broadway in Worcestershire . A public share scheme raised more than £500,000 in 2014 and GWSR said `` over £35,000 per day '' was coming in . It is hoped funding will enable the opening of a station in Broadway in 2018 . Ian Crowder , from GWSR , said money was `` coming in at an unprecedented rate '' . He said investments had come from a `` mixture of supporters and local people as well as railway enthusiasts '' . `` We 've come to the end of the era of the trainspotter image , this is a serious business and a significant contributor to the tourist economy of the Cotswolds , '' Mr Crowder said . The public share offer - called `` Broadway : The Last Mile '' - aims to raise funds to buy rail and ballast , complete civil engineering works , and install the infrastructure . It would enable trains to be run into Broadway for the `` first time in more than half a century '' .	An appeal for £1.25m to complete the `` last mile '' of a heritage railway line has raised £250,000 in one week .
The 36-year-old takes over from from David Somerville , who led the team - including Burton - at the 2014 games . Burton , who ended his competitive career on a high by taking the half middleweight title in Glasgow , is relishing the opportunity . `` I truly believe in the power of judo to make a positive impact on Scotland 's people and its communities , '' he said . `` I am , however , fully aware of the size and responsibility of the job at hand and do not underestimate the numerous challenges that we will meet on our journey . '' Burton , who was a world and European bronze medallist , thought that Somerville , who moves to a similar role with Sportscotland , was handing over a programme that is in `` a strong position '' . Sportscotland director of high performance Mike Whittingham said : `` Euan 's credentials as an athlete need no elaboration , but he has also shown the same aptitude and dedication in his role as assistant high-performance coach . `` The fact that he won Commonwealth gold while combining the two roles speaks volumes and is an inspiration to those who follow in his footsteps . ''	Commonwealth Games gold medallist Euan Burton has been appointed Scotland 's high-performance judo coach .
The University of Exeter 's Centre for Rural Policy said farming succession is a little-discussed `` global issue '' . It is working with Cornwall 's Rural Business School and insurer NFU Mutual to embark on what it says is the first UK-wide academic study of the subject . At the end of the project there will be seminars held across the UK offering farmers advice . Printed and online resources will also be produced . Prof Matt Lobley , from the University of Exeter , said farming families often do n't discuss the future , which can cause problems . `` It can cause family break ups , it can cause the loss of family farms that may have been in the same locality for generations , so it 's a serious issue to tackle , '' he said . Michael Horrell , a dairy farmer near Liskeard in Cornwall , said he welcomed the initiative , as he had been struggling to pass his farm on . `` I 'm trying to hand it over to the next generation '' he said . `` The children do n't want to be left with the problem , so we 've been talking through how to set it up so someone can farm it , but not our own family , and leave it as an asset for the children that they can dispose of if and when they want to . ''	A research project aimed at helping farmers plan who will take over their businesses has been announced .
Aberdeenshire West MSP Alexander Burnett was elected in May . The SNP said the allegations were a `` serious matter '' , but the Scottish Conservatives said the SNP was `` engaged in a nothing more than a politically-motivated fishing expedition '' . Police said an election expenses complaint was under consideration . An SNP spokesperson said : `` The fact that these allegations have now been reported to Police Scotland , in line with the advice of the Electoral Commission , underlines the seriousness of this matter for Alexander Burnett and Ruth Davidson . `` As such , it is only right that the police are now given the opportunity to fully investigate any potential breach of election rules . '' A spokesman for the Scottish Conservatives said : `` The SNP tried the Electoral Commission first , was told it had gone to the wrong place , and is now trying the police . ''	A Scottish Conservative MSP has been reported to Police Scotland over allegations he breached election campaign spending rules .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 18 March 2015 Last updated at 08:02 GMT The app gathers images from across the internet that are associated with the word `` tiger '' . It then asks the player for information about the photo , to determine if there is a real tiger in the picture , and what the big cat is doing . It 's hoped this will help researchers keep track of tigers and what they are up to . Aaron Mason , who helped develop the project , told the BBC : `` The app pulls in photos from the internet which have the word tiger associated with them . '' `` That brings up all manner of images - from baseball teams , to cuddly toys , to furry cats and pets . We want to get rid of that noise , '' he explained . Once the photos have been analysed by the public , the team hopes to use facial recognition technology to build up a profile of individual tigers . The researchers are hopeful that anyone who plays the game will make a useful contribution to monitoring the number of tigers in the wild . The project has emerged from research at the University of Surrey , where a team of computer scientists has a particular passion for wildlife conservation .	A new app is asking users to `` tag '' tigers , to help researchers count and track the animals .
The 23-year-old left-back , who has spent the last two and a half seasons at Vitesse Arnhem , has signed a four-year deal with the Black Cats . He played eight times for Chelsea and also had loan spells at Wigan , Leicester , Newcastle and Coventry . He has two caps for the Netherlands but missed out on the World Cup after being named in the 30-man provisional squad . Sunderland head coach Gus Poyet was keen to sign a left-back after Marcos Alonso 's loan spell finished at the end of last term . Fiorentina defender Alonso made 20 appearances for the Wearsiders in 2013-14 but has been part of the Viola 's pre-season campaign this summer . Poyet has already signed defender Billy Jones from West Brom , Wigan midfielder Jordi Gomez and goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon from Manchester City so far this transfer window . Fabio Borini has also been linked with a return to Wearside , with a fee agreed with Liverpool , although Poyet has admitted his frustration at delays in adding new players this summer .	Sunderland have signed Netherlands international Patrick van Aanholt from Chelsea for an undisclosed fee .
Jet has said the plane , carrying 154 passengers to Mumbai , came off the runway because of a technical failure . But the exact details of what the accident are unclear , officials say . December is the busiest month for Dabolim airport , located near the Goa state capital Panjim . Television coverage depicted injured and traumatised passengers - a few on stretchers - in the dark . The plane 's front undercarriage and one of its wings appeared to have been damaged as it came to a halt supported only by its body frame and engine casings . Most of the injured only seemed to have cuts and bruises , although some injuries were more serious . `` I fractured my leg , '' passenger Dinesh Kumar said . `` The moment the plane started running on the runway , it slipped into the nearby field and there was smoke inside the flight . '' Air travel is becoming increasingly popular in India , one of the world 's fastest-growing economies . Passenger numbers on internal flights increased by 21 % in 2015 to more than 80 million , with the government predicting numbers to rise substantially over the next five years . Jet Airways is India 's second largest airline and flies on both domestic and international routes .	At least 12 passengers on board an Indian Jet Airways Boeing 737 aircraft have been injured when it veered off the runway at Goa airport while preparing for take-off , officials say .
Kelly Maclean , 32 , had last been seen in the early hours of Sunday morning . Her children Lee , aged 12 , Dean,11 , and five-year-old Kelsey had also not been seen since . Officers said they were concerned for Ms Maclean 's welfare and had urged anyone with information on her whereabouts to contact them .	A woman and her three children who went missing from Inverness have been found safe and well .
The route between Belfast International Airport and Newark is the only direct link between Northern Ireland and the United States . The service did not operate between 6 January and 11 March this year but will fly three times a week during that period in 2016 . Belfast International Airport said the decision was `` wonderful news for Northern Ireland '' . Graham Keddie , the airport 's managing director , said : `` United 's commitment is both welcome and substantial . `` We have been working with stakeholders to achieve this outcome and we are delighted it is now being delivered . '' Bob Schumacher , United 's managing director of sales in the UK and Ireland , said : `` We 're pleased to offer our Northern Irish customers a year-round direct link to New York . ''	United Airlines is to restore its year-round service from Belfast to New York .
City councillors will consider a report which recommends the track should be run through Leith to Newhaven . Leith was part of the original tram route but after the project hit problems the tracks got no further than York Place in the city centre . Now councillors are voting on recommendations to extend services north into Leith and onto Newhaven . Officials said this would bring benefits to Edinburgh 's most densely populated area with the fewest car owners . It is estimated the three mile extension would cost £144.7m to build . If the proposals are agreed in principle , a nine-month period of development will begin , including site investigation and procurement . Once that is complete , a report will be brought back to the council recommending the way forward . Edinburgh 's tram service began running in May 2014 , but only after six years of disruption and a bitter dispute between the city council and its contractor . The previous Labour-led Scottish government originally earmarked £375m to pay for the tram network , which ended up costing £776m and began running years late .	Proposals to extend the tram line in Edinburgh are expected to be approved in principle later .
Doctors in Thailand cut out a portion from Lee Charie 's head to relieve his brain after the fall on holiday . But just over a year on , the 32-year-old from Hertfordshire has had a metal plate fitted , and hopes that his new look can help him to find a wife . `` It is what it is - it has fixed me , '' he said . Mr Charie , from Stanstead Abbots , said he could not remember falling off the hotel balcony in Koh Tao in December 2012 . But after waking up to see part of his skull missing , he said he cried for two weeks . He recovered in hospital for a month , and then took his skull-part home in a polystyrene box in the hope that UK surgeons might piece his head back together . Specialists were able to create a 3D mould from the bone that was then used to make a titanium plate to fit his head . Describing the difference the metal plate has made to his life , Mr Charie said : `` I could n't believe how good I felt . `` Even the way I 'm thinking and see things and understand things - I do n't know how or why but it ( the plate ) really helps , it really does . ''	A man who had a large chunk of his skull removed after a balcony fall says he can not believe how good he feels after having the damage repaired .
The cable will have capacity to carry up to 1,200MW of electricity generated by renewable energy projects in the north of Scotland . In March another ship , the Siem Ruby , used a subsea boulder clearance plough to create a trench in the Moray Firth . NKT Victoria will lower cables into the trench before it is backfilled . The first section of cable will be laid from Noss Head in Caithness to a midpoint where it will be joined to a second cable to be laid from Portgordon in Moray . Led by SSE , the £1.1bn Caithness-Moray Project is to be completed next year .	A ship has arrived at Aberdeen from Sweden to lay more than 70 miles ( 113km ) of high voltage subsea cables from Caithness to the Moray .
The Wood , who had won one of their previous eight league games , missed a number of chances in the first half . Jamie Lucas opened the scoring for Boreham Wood early in the second period when he met Ricky Shakes ' throughball and fired home . Eastleigh searched for an equaliser late on and it eventually came after Drury latched onto Jai Reason 's cross .	Andy Drury 's late goal earned National League promotion hopefuls Eastleigh a point at strugglers Boreham Wood .
Sam Allardyce left his post as England boss after the newspaper investigation claimed he offered advice on how to `` get around '' rules on player transfers . He had been in charge of England for one game before his exit . But police said Allardyce `` is not part of the investigation '' . In a statement , 62-year-old Allardyce said he welcomed the confirmation , adding : `` I was always confident that this would be the case as there was no evidence against me . I now ask that the Football Association deals with this matter as quickly as possible . `` While I am sad that my tenure came to an end early , I am nonetheless proud to have been chosen to manage the England football team and hope that today 's confirmation from the police will give me the opportunity to move on . '' The FA , English Football League and Premier League have all been waiting for the City of London Police to complete its review of the Telegraph 's evidence so they can proceed with their own inquiries .	Police have opened a criminal investigation into an allegation of bribery after reviewing material from the Daily Telegraph 's investigation into suspected corruption in football .
14 February 2016 Last updated at 10:34 GMT More clips and news on our BBC website ; 'like ' us on Facebook page ; follow us on Twitter	The headlines from the political week are reviewed in 60 seconds by BBC Sunday Politics East Midlands .
The body of 36-year-old Louise O'Brien was discovered at a home in Dunkeld Road on Thursday evening . A 41-year-old man has been arrested and is expected to appear at Perth Sheriff Court on Tuesday . A police statement said : `` Police Scotland can confirm that a 41-year-old man has been arrested and charged in connection with the investigation into the death of Louise O'Brien . ''	Police investigating the death of a woman in Perth have made an arrest .
The 20-year-old , who has three Northern Ireland caps at that level , turned down the call to face Scotland and Iceland . As a result the Irish FA have imposed a Fifa statute which suspends him for the current international window . Luton have appealed against the Irish FA 's decision . McGeehan had a six-match loan spell at Cambridge last season , where he played against Manchester United at Old Trafford , and joined the Hatters on a permanent contract in the summer , scoring twice in six games .	Luton Town midfielder Cameron McGeehan is likely to miss Saturday 's League Two match at Cambridge after being suspended by the Irish FA for rejecting a Northern Ireland Under-21 call up .
The newspaper is leaving the historic building in Belfast city centre as it is moving its printing operation to Newry in County Down . Stephen Surphlis , McAleer and Rushe 's property director , said it was `` a very exciting acquisition for the company '' . He said the firm will begin working up proposals `` which will enhance our city '' . When the building was advertised for sale , two potential development options were laid out , both featuring a hotel in the listed part of the complex . One of the development options also included a 414-bed student housing scheme , while the other had 222,000 sq ft of offices . The development options are not binding but give an idea of how the site could be used . McAleer and Rushe is currently the most active major developer in Belfast . The company is building a new headquarters for Belfast City Council and is demolishing the former Belfast Metropolitan College building on Blackstaff Square ahead of a hotel scheme . It also has a number of other active planning applications .	The Belfast Telegraph building has been sold to County Tyrone-based property firm McAleer and Rushe .
The city 's council is due to inspect Lynx House after being alerted by the fire service and a resident . It comes after a rule making residents wear coloured bands to get food there was scrapped . Cardiff Central MP Jo Stevens urged the Home Office to `` get a grip and sort it out '' but it said it inspects asylum accommodation on a regular basis . `` The reports coming to me are of gross overcrowding , '' she told BBC Radio Wales . `` I 've seen a video and photographs taken by residents of areas within Lynx House which certainly look very overcrowded and I do n't doubt if the fire service have made a complaint to the local authority about it , they must be very concerned as well . `` The Home Office , who controls how many people go to Lynx House , need to step in and take some urgent action . '' The home is run by Clearsprings Group . Cardiff council confirmed it was made aware of concerns by the fire service and a resident . A Home Office spokesman said : `` We take every effort to inspect all asylum accommodation on a regular basis to ensure that it meets the required standard . `` Where a contractor is found to be falling short of these standards , we work with them to ensure issues are quickly addressed and when they are not we can and do impose sanctions . ''	Concerns have been raised about `` gross overcrowding '' at a property housing asylum seekers in Cardiff .
The research , by accountancy firm EY , predicts the tournament will attract a total of 466,000 visitors , who will spend as much as £869m . The 2015 Rugby World Cup will be hosted in 11 cities across England and Wales . In terms of single sporting events , only the football World Cup brings in more paid spectators , the report added . Spending on food and drink by ticketholders will generate as much as £32m in revenue , EY calculated , and a further £13m will be spent in `` fanzones '' - city centre shopping attractions with a Rugby World Cup theme . The report also estimated the benefit to host cities of improved infrastructure , through investment in transport and stadia . Debbie Jevans , who is in charge of England Rugby 2015 , said the report proved that the tournament was `` set to create a wide range of economic opportunities across many different sectors '' . She added : `` Whether through investment in infrastructure , supporting jobs or generating revenue in 'fanzones ' , the economic benefits will be shared around our 11 host cities and beyond . ''	Next year 's Rugby World Cup will add £982m of value to the UK economy , says a report commissioned by the tournament 's organising committee .
The female pug , was thrown from a car in Writtle , near Chelmsford , earlier this month . The RSPCA said Crumble , as she was named by vets , had to be `` put to sleep '' after suffering kidney failure . A spokeswoman for the charity said : `` Our inspector and the staff at the practice are devastated . '' The RSPCA said there were signs she had given birth to several litters and may have been discarded by a breeder . It is appealing for anyone who may know where Crumble had come from or who may have seen her being thrown from the car to get in touch .	A dog found paralysed after it was thrown from the window of a moving car has had to be put down .
It said he died 10 days ago in an operation led by Afghan special forces in the eastern Nangarhar province . Hasib is believed to have been behind March 's attack on a military hospital in Kabul , killing more than 30 people . Last month , the Pentagon said Hasib had probably been killed in a raid by US and Afghan special forces . In April , the US military dropped its largest non-nuclear bomb ever used by America in a conflict on a system of tunnels believed to be used by IS militants in Nangarhar . IS announced it was moving into Afghanistan and Pakistan when it declared its so-called Khorasan Province in 2015 , and has since carried out a number of attacks . In July 2016 , a suicide bomb attack on a rally in Kabul killed about 80 people . Three months later , two similar attacks during the religious festival of Ashura claimed about 30 lives , and in November 2016 an attack at a mosque in Kabul killed more than 30 . IS also claimed a suicide attack at Kabul 's Supreme Court in February that killed 22 people , and the group has stepped up activity in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .	The head of so-called Islamic State ( IS ) in Afghanistan , Abdul Hasib , has been killed , President Ashraf Ghani 's office has said .
The Dons face a 336-mile round trip to play Rugby Park on Sunday 19 February , with the game starting at 13:00 . No train services from Aberdeen run early enough for fans to get to Kilmarnock on time . They have also questioned why Dundee against Rangers on the same day was given a later kick-off . `` The considerable Aberdeen away support , which is an important source of revenue to many clubs , find themselves in a position where train services on that date from Aberdeen will not enable supporters to get to Kilmarnock on time and the likely impact on the attendance will be considerable , '' said the club in a statement . `` The Dundee versus Rangers game on the same day kicks off at 3.15pm and it would have , we believe , been a sensible option to look at reversing the times . '' The club had also complained to the SPFL earlier in the season when they were forced to travel to Hampden for a lunchtime kick-off when they played Greenock Morton in the League Cup semi-final .	Aberdeen have contacted the SPFL to express their `` disappointment '' at the rearranged kick-off time for their live TV clash with Kilmarnock .
Megan Bell , from Seaham , County Durham , died at T in the Park in 2016 and had `` extremely high levels of ecstasy '' in her bloodstream , the inquest heard . A `` gap '' in evidence meant it was not possible to tell whether the 17-year-old had voluntarily taken the drugs . She died `` very quickly and tragically '' , Crook Coroner 's Court heard . Miss Bell collapsed on the first night of the festival after visiting a dance party tent and could not be revived by paramedics . Northumbria Police is continuing to investigate whether the drugs were purchased before going to the festival in Strathallan Castle in Perthshire . Her parents are campaigning for better safety for young people at festivals . Chris Bell , Megan 's father , said : `` She loved music , singing , dancing and went to drama school when she was younger . `` We knew she was n't a regular drug user ... and somebody has given her something that 's killed her . `` In her words she said ' I 'm not daft dad , I know what I 'm doing ' and unfortunately she never came back . ''	A teenager who died after taking drugs at a music festival in Scotland might have had her drink spiked , an inquest has found .
Iris Corbett , from West Bridgford , Nottinghamshire , wrote the note as she wanted to find out about the French capital . She asked about about food , the Eiffel Tower and what the city was like after France 's Euro 2016 final loss . The Louvre responded with answers to all her questions . Latest updates and more from around Nottinghamshire The letter comes in a week when a similarly vaguely-addressed Christmas card found its way to the intended recipient in Suffolk . Iris got the idea for her letter having seen her brother let go of a balloon and thinking it might end up in China . Iris 's mother , Helena Tyce , said she was really pleased her daughter 's note received a reply . She said : `` Kids have these fantastic , creative ideas ; you follow them through and nothing happens . `` I did n't expect anything back , I really did n't , we were so surprised and thrilled . '' The family are now planning `` an adventure '' on the Eurostar to visit Paris during the next school holidays .	An eight-year-old girl who sent a letter addressed simply to `` somewhere in Paris , any house '' has received a reply from the Louvre Museum .
Profits last year were £2.55bn . The bank also set aside a further £850m to compensate customers - including further claims for mis-sold payment protection insurance . The results come less than a month after the bank 's new chairman John McFarlane sacked Antony Jenkins . In total , Barclays has now set aside £6bn to compensate for PPI mis-selling . Mr McFarlane is expected set out plans to speed up reform at the bank later . In April , Barclays set aside a further £800m , largely to cover potential further legal action and penalties for alleged foreign exchange manipulation . That resulted in Barclays reporting a 26 % fall in its first quarter statutory profits to £1.34bn . Mr McFarlane , who took over as executive chairman of insurance giant Aviva in 2012 after sacking then chief executive Andrew Moss , believes Barclays ' turnaround is not happening quickly enough . As he did at Aviva , Mr McFarlane , who only joined the bank in April , will take on executive duties , spearheading a quest for higher returns until a replacement is found , which is it thought is unlikely to be before spring next year .	Barclays bank has reported a 25 % rise in statutory pre-tax profits to £3.14bn for the six months to the end of June .
10 February 2017 Last updated at 15:51 GMT He had to be taken apart bone by bone by a team of six people and just in case you 're wondering that 's 292 bones in total , so it took them quite a bit of time . He will now be cleaned and repaired before starting a tour of the UK in 2018 . Goodbye for now Dippy .	After 112 years Dippy the Dinosaur has finally left his home at the Natural History Museum in London .
The message , a GPS tracker-fitted device , was one of two dropped from a helicopter in the sea off southern Iceland a year ago . One was found on Tiree in January and the second was found in the Faroese island of Sandoy earlier this month . President Guðni Jóhannesson was on an official trip to the Faroe Islands . The devices were released simultaneously as part of an experiment highlighting marine pollution . Both floated west , passing the coast of Greenland and then towards Canada before drifting east . For several weeks it had looked as if the second device would end up back on the shores of Iceland . It then headed in the general direction of Shetland before drifting back to the Faroes . The two devices were part of a science experiment set up to test where marine litter ends up . Rhoda Meek , who found the Tiree device , posted it back to the Icelandic scientists involved in the test .	The president of Iceland has personally collected and taken back to his country a `` message in a bottle '' set adrift to show the movement of marine litter .
Jersey States-owned telecom company JT said customers would not have noticed a change as services were diverted to other cables in the network . It took seven days to repair the cable , with 800m ( 2,500ft ) cut out using remote controlled underwater equipment from a specialist ship . The ship also recovered the anchor that caused the damage . JT 's Chief Operations and Technology Officer , Dave Newbold , said : `` Incidents like this are thankfully very rare indeed . `` When they do happen , they underline exactly why we invest millions of pounds to install , and then maintain , a network of high-speed , high-capacity communications cables . ''	A network cable linking the Channel Islands with the UK was severed after a ship dropped anchor in bad weather .
The 26-year-old former world number 39 , currently ranked 124 , gave the positive sample in Luxembourg on 16 October . She claimed the stimulant , sibutramine , had entered her system via weight-loss supplement ACAI Berry Thin and denied any intent to enhance her performance . Zahlavova Strycova will be able to return to competition on 16 April . The International Tennis Federation ( ITF ) said it `` did not dispute Ms Zahlavova Strycova 's account of the circumstances surrounding her ingestion of sibutramine '' . An ITF statement added : `` Or that she ( a ) met the requirements to satisfy article 10.4 of the Programme ( Elimination or Reduction of the Period of Ineligibility for Specified Substance under Specified Circumstances ) , and ( b ) bore No Significant Fault or Negligence '' . Zahlavova Strycova has won one WTA singles and 17 doubles titles since turning professional in 2003 . She has reached the third round at all four Grand Slam tournaments and achieved her best ranking of 39 in July 2010 .	Czech tennis player Barbora Zahlavova Strycova has been given a back-dated six-month ban after testing positive for a banned stimulant .
Norman Havard , from Aberavon , was found at about 07:15 BST on Friday . South Wales Police is treating his death as unexplained pending the results of a post mortem examination . The force appealed for witnesses who saw Mr Havard 's green Vauxhall Zafira at the junction between Princess Margaret Way and Victoria Road at 00:50 that day . Mr Havard 's car was found near the pier after his body was discovered .	A 61-year-old man whose body was discovered on Aberavon Beach in Neath Port Talbot has been named .
The 35-year-old made his 98th Warriors appearance as a second-half replacement in Saturday 's 14-7 loss at Connacht . Capped 104 times for Scotland , Lamont left Glasgow in 2005 before returning in 2012 and has scored 27 tries over his two spells at the Pro12 champions . `` I feel I 've still got more to give and I 'm enjoying being part of a winning team , '' he said . `` I want to keep on playing and I 'm glad I get to extend my time at a club which I really enjoy representing . '' Lamont was not selected for Scotland 's summer tour to Japan . The winger featured in three Six Nations matches this year , starting against Wales and coming off the bench twice .	Experienced Scotland winger Sean Lamont has signed a new one-year deal at Glasgow Warriors .
A selection of the best photos from across Africa this week :	Images courtesy of AP , AFP and Reuters
The matches are taking place in St Tiernach 's Park , Clones , County Monaghan . The senior final starts at 14:00 local time and the minor final starts at 12:00 local time . A spokesperson said : `` The majority of the supporters traffic will be travelling via the A5 on to the N2 travelling onwards to Clones via the N52 through Monaghan Town . `` This amount of traffic is expected to generate some congestion as it passes through Monaghan town . `` An garda sÃ­ochÃ¡na ( Irish police ) is asking those travelling to Clones to give themselves plenty of time to avoid being delayed for the start of the match at 2pm . `` There is also a country music festival on in Monaghan town over this weekend and there are traffic diversions in place from 18:00 onwards today , which may affect home-bound traffic . `` Delays can be expected from Monaghan town to Clones due to the volume of traffic particularly when both games are over . ''	Police in Monaghan are warning of heavy traffic as the Ulster football finals get under way on Sunday .
The National Emergency Management Agency ( Nema ) says the heavy rains killed 363 people since July . The worst floods in five decades have affected many areas of the country - especially near the River Niger . The BBC 's Will Ross in Lagos says waters are now receding but there are fears over food supplies as some farmers saw all their crops destroyed . President Goodluck Jonathan last month called the floods a `` national disaster '' but said it would not cause a food crisis , reports the Reuters news agency . Our correspondent says that poor drainage in Nigeria 's cities makes flooding likely after heavy rainfall . In some rural areas people said they were frightened after seeing crocodiles , snakes and even hippopotami inside flooded homes .	More than two million Nigerians have been forced from their homes by this year 's floods , officials say .
Barbara Stensland , 43 , from Cardiff , travelled to Carmarthen on 5 August for a meeting of the MS Society . When she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue less than one mile ( 1.6km ) away , she said driver David Maynard refused to take her . Mr Maynard said the allegations were a `` total fabrication '' . He said Ms Stensland told him she would walk `` as it was a nice day '' . Carmarthenshire council made the decision to suspend Mr Maynard 's licence at Thursday 's licensing committee . It found he had refused the fare despite being made aware of Ms Stensland 's condition . The council had considered suspending his licence for longer , but decided against it after Ms Stensland said she did not want Mr Maynard to suffer hardship , especially before Christmas . Speaking after the meeting , Ms Stensland said : `` I 'm not a vindictive person . `` All I wanted was an apology . I still have n't received an apology , but I would n't go back on saying I wanted as low a sanction as possible . '' She said she was pleased her case had raised awareness not only of MS , but of other disabilities .	A Carmarthenshire taxi driver has had his licence suspended for seven days for refusing to take a woman with multiple sclerosis on a short journey .
The 22-year-old , who scored 16 goals for the League Two Robins last season , has signed a three-year contract . He started his career at Crewe and has made 93 appearances since joining Cheltenham in July 2015 . `` He was a key target for us and we feel he will provide a good balance to the other strikers we have at the club , '' said Northampton boss Justin Edinburgh . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Northampton Town have signed striker Billy Waters from Cheltenham Town for an undisclosed fee .
Question after question flew at Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn . And they both were pressed in areas of vulnerability . The prime minister on problems partly of her own making , like her policy on social care , and the public spending cuts of recent years and their impact on the NHS . She was tearfully confronted by one audience member over shortcomings in mental health treatment . But perhaps the more hostile moments were particularly for the Labour leader , whose views on nuclear disarmament and unwillingness to use weapons if Britain was under attack was questioned by the audience again and again . It 's no secret that for years he has believed in nuclear disarmament . Yet that view tonight seemed to breed hostility among much of the audience . After a bumpy few days , Theresa May seemed to be more on the front foot this evening , trying to reassert her authority over her campaign . In contrast , Jeremy Corbyn who had been lapping up the political attention , and setting much of the momentum , seemed almost irritated by the end . Yet in truth , tonight saw neither of the rivals drop a dramatic clanger , nor neither of them turn out a surprisingly stellar performance . Minds will have been changed tonight . But it 's not clear if tonight 's debate will transform the fortunes of either main party in this campaign .	The great British public was not messing around .
Media playback is not supported on this device His side face Belgium in their last Group E game on Wednesday , which could now be his final match for the country . He said : `` I am very proud of what I have achieved and will always bring the Swedish flag with me . '' Manchester United have been strongly linked with the 34-year-old , who became a free agent after leaving French champions Paris St-Germain this summer . Media playback is not supported on this device Ibrahimovic 's 62 international goals is a national record , whilst an appearance against Belgium would leave him with 116 caps , 32 behind Anders Svensson 's 148 . He had been expected to represent his country at the Rio Olympics in August . Sweden will exit the competition if they fail to beat Belgium at the Stade de Nice on Wednesday ( 20:00 BST ) - a draw would leave them with two points , which will not be enough to warrant a best third-placed spot .	Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced he will retire from international football after Euro 2016 .
The deal values Premier Farnell shares at 165p each . The shares soared 50 % to 164p after the takeover was announced . Daetwyler distributes more than 500,000 electronics products under brands such as Nedis . Premier Farnell has been trying to put its business on a firmer footing in recent months . It has cut dividend payouts to shareholders , and sold its industrial products business , Akron Brass , for $ 224.2m . Eben Upton , the pioneer of the Raspberry Pi , was made a CBE in the Queen 's latest Birthday Honours list . The Pi has proved hugely popular with electronics hobbyists and many children use the devices to get a taste of computer coding . In April 2016 , the Pi became the most popular British computer ever made . More than eight million have been sold since it was launched in early 2012 .	The maker of the Raspberry Pi mini computer is being bought by Swiss electronics company Daetwyler Holdings for 1bn Swiss francs ( £700m ) .
Fire crews called to the scene had to remove the roof of the woman 's car to free her . The incident happened at 14:00 on the A6105 just outside Duns . The woman , who has not been named , also suffered injuries to her arms and legs .	A woman has been taken to hospital with suspected spinal injuries following a one-vehicle crash in the Borders .
The 26-year-old has spent four seasons at Franklin 's Gardens after previously playing for Rotherham Titans and at Leeds Carnegie 's academy . Gloucester director of rugby David Humphreys told the club website : `` We 're delighted to be bringing in someone of Gareth 's experience and quality . '' The Cherry and Whites are eighth in the table with one match to play this term . Humphreys ' side , who are two points below Saints , are also through to the European Challenge Cup final on 12 May , when they will face French club Stade Francais . Meanwhile , Gloucester academy front row trio of prop Ciaran Knight , hooker Henry Walker - both 19 - and 18-year-old prop Alex Seville have all signed new contracts with the club .	Gloucester have signed prop Gareth Denman from fellow Premiership club Northampton Saints for next season .
Down detector , a website that monitors internet failures , reported thousands of cases including parts of Scotland , London , Birmingham and Sheffield . It began trending on social media with customers reporting issues . BT confirmed that there had been problems but said most were fixed . It said there was no evidence of a hack attack . `` Large numbers of customers have been experiencing temporary issues with their broadband services this afternoon . Customers can still receive and make calls as normal , '' it said in a statement . `` We 've been working hard to fix the issue and are glad to report that nearly every customer affected is now reconnected , approximately two hours after the problem started . It did not give details of what may have caused the issue but said : `` There is no evidence at this stage to suggest that we were subject to a malicious attack . '' Its website had also crashed for a time and some users reported that its customer service line was down . Hundreds of people took to social media to express their frustration using the hashtag # BTdown , which is currently trending on Twitter .	BT 's broadband network appears to be coming back online after suffering nationwide problems in the UK .
Government spokesperson Seydou Gueye said Mr Sall was not involved . Lamine Diack , a Senegalese citizen , is under investigation in France , accused of turning a blind eye to doping in Russian athletics while IAAF chief . French newspapers have alleged that he received $ 1.6m ( £1.1m ) from Russia to back Mr Sall 's 2012 election campaign .	The government of Senegal has denied allegations that President Macky Sall 's campaign was funded by the former head of world athletics , Lamine Diack .
Lottery fever in the US had resulted in long queues outside lottery-ticket vendors , driving up the jackpot value . A single winner could have taken home about $ 558m ( £384m ) if they had chosen a lump-sum prize . The prize will now be rolled over to Wednesday when the jackpot is expected to be $ 1.3bn . The winning numbers for the Saturday jackpot were 32 , 16 , 19 , 57 and 34 , and the Powerball number was 13 . Powerball is played in 44 of 50 states and three American territories . It takes place each Wednesday and Saturday at 22:59 PM ( 03:59 GMT ) . Winners can be paid the full jackpot in annual instalments over 29 years or take a lower cash prize . Lottery officials quoted in US media said the odds of winning last night were one in 292 million .	No-one has won the largest lottery jackpot in US history , the $ 900m ( £620m ) on offer in Saturday night 's Powerball draw .
Shares around the world have been boosted by hopes that the US Federal Reserve will push back rate rises following weak US jobs data last week . The benchmark FTSE 100 index closed up 128.31 points , or 1.88 % , at 6,961.77 . Oil-related shares saw big gains following a sharp rise in the price of crude on Monday . BG Group rose 6.7 % while Premier Oil jumped 13 % . But the rise in oil costs hit shares in airlines , with British Airways owner IAG down 1.2 % . Shares in Royal Mail rose 1.3 % to 448p following news that Dutch parcels delivery firm TNT Express had agreed to be bought by US firm FedEx . The takeover has raised speculation that there could be more deals in the sector . On the currency markets , the pound was boosted by a strong survey of the UK 's services sector . The latest Markit/CIPS services purchasing managers ' index ( PMI ) recorded an eight-month high of 58.9 last month . The pound rose 0.13 % against the dollar to $ 1.4849 , while against the euro it climbed 0.48 % to â‚¬1.3693 .	( Close ) : The benchmark FTSE 100 rose nearly 2 % as trading resumed after the Easter weekend .
A sample was taken as a precaution because the patient has a history of travel in west Africa , where almost all of the recent deaths have occurred . Dr Marion Lyons , PHW director of health protection , had already said it was `` unlikely '' the patient had the disease . The virus has killed more than 6,800 people this year but no cases of Ebola have been diagnosed in the UK . Earlier , Ms Lyons said : `` Based on our established evidence-based risk assessment protocol , we are confident that all appropriate actions are being taken to ensure there is no risk to public health . `` It is important to remember that there has never been a case of Ebola diagnosed in the UK and the infection can only be transmitted through contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . `` We have advised all frontline medical practitioners dealing with patients to be alert to signs and symptoms of Ebola in those returning from affected areas . Following such advice we would expect to see an increase in precautionary testing . `` Should there be a positive case in Wales , this information will be made available to the public . ''	A patient at Morriston Hospital in Swansea has tested negative for Ebola , Public Health Wales has said .
Two robbers , believed to have been armed with a gun and a knife , entered a shop on Coolkeeran Road at about 19:00 GMT and demanded money . They stole cash and cigarettes . No-one was injured in the robbery . Later on Saturday evening , police arrested a 22-year-old man and a 16-year-old boy . They were detained in north Belfast and are being questioned .	Police have made two arrests over an armed robbery at a shop in Armoy , County Antrim .
The bill proposes cutting the salaries of lawmakers who fail to attend congressional sessions . But when it was due to be discussed on Tuesday , so many Senators were absent there was no quorum . A new session has been scheduled for Thursday . The Senator who proposed the bill , Alfredo Rangel , said that he hoped lawmakers would attend this time . `` This bill is not against members of Congress , it 's for the the good of Congress , against absenteeism and in favour of its legitimacy and efficiency , '' he said . As well as fining absent lawmakers , the bill also proposes that members of Congress produce a doctor 's note if they miss sessions due to sickness . If the bill is passed , repeat offenders who miss six or more sessions without a valid reason will be stripped of their mandate . Absenteeism is a serious problem among Colombia 's politicians , with bills often failing because they are not discussed in the allotted time-frame due to a lack of quorum . If the absenteeism bill is not discussed on Thursday , it too will fail .	A bill aiming to punish chronic absenteeism in Colombia 's Congress is to get a second chance after it failed to make it past the first hurdle because not enough lawmakers showed up .
It was shut last week as a precautionary measure , with Cardiff council confirming a viral illness was airborne there . Environmental health officers said on Tuesday the hotel had been deep cleaned . They will continue to monitor it over the next week . A hotel spokesman said the priority has been the wellbeing of guests . The hotel closed earlier this month after 26 guests were struck down with the virus . None needed hospital treatment and Cardiff council said it was satisfied with the action taken . A hotel spokesman thanked guests for their `` understanding and co-operation '' .	The Angel Hotel in Cardiff has reopened after it was closed due to an outbreak of the norovirus .
The thousands of negatives and prints are being taken from Bodleian 's Talbot archive and other collections . It is hoped academics and members of the public will help to identify unknown people and buildings in the photographs . The website is due to go live later this year . It will include some of the first photographs of Oxford and material from Fox Talbot 's The Pencil of Nature , the first book illustrated with photographs . Project leader Prof Larry J. Schaaf , from Bodleian Libraries , has spent 40 years researching the Victorian inventor . Prof Schaaf said putting the material online would `` help unlock the enormous artistic , documentary and technical information embodied in these images '' . The Bodleian spent two years raising Â£2.1m needed to buy the private collection of letters , diaries and photographs which it acquired in October . Born in Melbury Abbas , Dorset , in 1800 , Fox Talbot established the three primary elements of the photographic process : developing , fixing , and printing using paper coated with silver iodide . He created the first photographic negative in 1835 , taken from a window at his home in Lacock Abbey , Wiltshire . During his career he created more than 4,500 images - about 25,000 of his original negatives and prints are thought to still exist .	The complete photographic works by Victorian pioneer William Henry Fox Talbot is to be made available online .
The league was expanded from eight to ten teams in June , but Jets , who finished bottom of the table last season , were not offered a place . The team will close in September to allow players to take part in training camps already scheduled for the summer . `` This is a sad day for netball and for women 's sport in Yorkshire , '' Jets chairperson Mariana Pexton said . `` It has been a difficult period for all involved and we have been overwhelmed by the support we have received through the media and social media . `` The overwhelming public sentiment has echoed what we feel - sadness , shock and great disappointment at the removal of Yorkshire , a county of five million people , from a place in the country 's premier domestic netball competition . ''	Yorkshire Jets are to be wound up after England Netball decided to remove them from Netball Superleague .
Mustafa Dossa was found guilty of transporting weapons to Mumbai . The explosions killed 257 people , and were allegedly to avenge the killing of Muslims in riots a few months earlier . The blasts targeted a dozen sites , including the Bombay Stock Exchange , the offices of national carrier Air India and a luxury hotel . Indian media reports say Dossa was admitted to the jail hospital ward after he complained of severe chest pain early on Wednesday . Indian prosecutors had argued that Dossa was one of the `` brains '' behind the attack and was even more culpable than Yakub Memon , who was hanged for his role in the blasts in 2015 , the PTI news agency said . He was found guilty earlier this month , but the court had not pronounced a sentence . Dossa , along with six others , was tried separately for his role in the blasts . The seven men were arrested between 2003 and 2010 and tried separately from Memon as they were arrested towards the end of his trial . A court found six of them guilty of criminal conspiracy and murder . One man was acquitted .	A man convicted of involvement in the 1993 Mumbai blasts has died of a heart attack , one day after prosecutors asked a court to sentence him to death .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 29-year-old 's wrongful dismissal claim was rejected by the Football Association and he misses games against Everton , West Ham and Middlesbrough . The England forward was sent off by referee Craig Pawson in the 28th minute for a tackle on Stoke 's Mame Diouf . Vardy made a two-footed tackle , won the ball , but clipped Diouf 's shins . After the game , Leicester manager Claudio Ranieri said : `` He wants to challenge and get the ball , not make a foul . He touched the ball . Maybe it was yellow . '' Vardy misses Leicester 's next three Premier League games over the festive period , but will be available for their FA Cup third-round tie at Everton on 7 January .	Leicester striker Jamie Vardy will miss three matches after an appeal against his red card in Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Stoke City was rejected .
`` My view is that we want the government out of the banking system in the UK , '' Reuters agency reported him as saying . `` I hope that [ Lloyds ] will be complete within the year , '' he added . Mr Osborne made his remarks after the UK government reduced its stake in Lloyds Banking Group to below 13 % earlier on Monday . The government has been reducing its stake in the bank from 43 % , at the height of the financial crisis in 2008-09 , as it aims to privatise the remaining stake held by the UK taxpayer . Lloyds needed Â£20.5bn ( $ 32.1bn ) of taxpayers ' cash to avoid collapse at the peak of the global crisis . UK Financial Investments , which manages the government 's stakes in Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) , has now reduced its holding to 12.97 % . The government began selling off the 43 % stake in September 2013 . But Mr Osborne said the sale of shares in Royal Bank of Scotland would take longer .	Chancellor George Osborne has said he hopes the sale of the UK government 's shares in Lloyds Banking Group will soon be completed .
The 23-year-old Portugal right-back , who has won six caps for his country , will have a medical in Barcelona on Friday . Semedo played 63 times for Benfica after joining from Sintrense in 2012 . He was part of the Portugal side that finished third at the Confederations Cup , getting sent off in the third-place play-off win over Mexico . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign Benfica defender Nelson Semedo for a reported 35m euros ( £30.8m ) .
Topley , 22 , has made just one appearance for his county since moving from Essex at the end of last season . He fractured a hand while batting against Warwickshire in April but has since sustained a stress fracture to his back . `` We 'll look to build him up to fitness again during the winter , '' Hampshire director of cricket Giles White said . Topley , a member of the England squad which finished runners-up at the World T20 in India in March , has played 10 one-day games and six T20 internationals for his country . `` Hopefully he can get some recognition again with England and hopefully he fires for us next year , '' White told BBC Radio Solent . Hampshire are monitoring the fitness of former West Indies fast bowler Fidel Edwards with a view to a potential return for the remainder of the season . Edwards , 34 , has recovered from a fractured ankle sustained while playing football in a warm-up before Hampshire 's County Championship match against Yorkshire in April . `` It 's down to the physio , '' White added . `` Fidel 's confident , but we 've got to make sure he 's ready before we introduce him back to the team . ''	Hampshire and England fast bowler Reece Topley has been ruled out for the remainder of the season .
The 40-year-old sealed her spot at Sunday 's final qualifying event at the Rio Olympic venue . Chusovitina has previously competed internationally for the Soviet Union , Unified Team , Uzbekistan and Germany before switching back to Uzbekistan . She has won two Olympic and 11 World Championship medals during her career . She helped the Unified Team win team gold at her first Olympics at Barcelona 1992 and won vault silver for Germany at Beijing 2008 .	Uzbekistan 's Oksana Chusovitina is on course to become the first female gymnast to compete at seven Olympic Games after qualifying for Rio 2016 .
Amy-Jane White was killed in what her mother called a `` terrible accident '' on Dartmoor on Monday . Amanda White said her daughter , who worked as a carer and lived in Plympton , suffered a very serious accident at Yelverton . She was taken to a local hospital with head trauma , where Mrs White said doctors tended to Amy so her family had time to say goodbye to her . Mrs White said she was keen to trace the doctors so she could thank them for her `` last few hours '' with her daughter . More on the tributes to Amy-Jane and other Devon and Cornwall news Ms White 's boyfriend , Daniel Huggins , 31 , said : `` I have lost a lover , friend and soulmate . `` She died doing her greatest love in her life , riding horses . '' One friend said the 23-year-old told her : `` If you go on a horse or bike you 'll be happy . ''	A 23-year-old woman whose passion was riding has died in a fall from a horse .
Police said no-one was injured when a lorry hit the central reservation after a tyre blew out near the Calder junction on the A720 , at about 07:20 . Footage from a dashcam filmed from on the other side of the road shows the lorry hurtling down the steel barrier . The lorry appears to have mounted the central barrier and comes close to crossing into oncoming traffic . The bypass was closed eastbound throughout the morning but reopened at about 14:30 . There were queues several miles long following the crash , which also affected the M8 heading into Edinburgh , back to Junction 3 at Livingston . There were also queues on the M9 southbound heading down to the M8 , with traffic back to 1a at Kirkliston . There were further queues on all routes heading to the bypass , the A71 , the A70 and the A772 Gilmerton Road .	The Edinburgh city bypass has reopened after being closed for seven hours causing massive delays .
London Midland said the 17-year-old lost an arm after becoming trapped next to one of its services at Droitwich on Friday , which then pulled away . He remains in a serious but stable condition in a Birmingham hospital , British Transport Police said . London Midland is liaising with the Rail Accident Investigation Branch . More updates on this story Police and paramedics were called to the station at about 19:50 BST . The 18:48 train from Hereford to Birmingham New Street was delayed for more than an hour while emergency crews treated the boy .	A teenager who fell between a platform and train has suffered `` life changing injuries '' and remains seriously injured in hospital , transport police say .
The 22-year old , who is the younger brother of Tottenham and England defender Danny , most recently played for Mansfield Town . `` It is widely known that I want to add to our midfield options and Mitch is an ideal recruit , '' Westley explained . `` He is youthful yet experienced . And he adds to our options and brings a huge ambition with him here in South Wales . ''	Newport County manager Graham Westley has made Mitchell Rose his 11th signing of the January transfer window .
Rescue teams were called to the River Taff at Upper Boat , Pontypridd , just after 06:00 BST on Thursday morning . South Wales Fire and Rescue Service said the water was less than one metre ( 3ft ) deep where the car was . The man was taken to hospital but his injuries are unknown , as is the cause of the crash .	A motorist had to be rescued after his car ended up in the river in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
The man , 57 , took out a meat cleaver and attacked fellow employees as they travelled on the company bus to work . Most of the victims went to hospital for treatment but suffered only minor injuries . The man was subdued by passengers and was later arrested by police . His motive for the attack was not immediately known . The bus was carrying more than 20 people when the attack happened in Tuen Mun district , about an hour away from Victoria Harbour , local media reported . `` The man suddenly attacked a few of the female colleagues and a male colleague who were sitting on the back rows of the bus a few minutes after it set off , '' police inspector Kelvin Ip told media . `` We found a cleaver , which we suspect to have been used to attack the people , at the scene , '' he said , adding there was blood on the knife . The man had no previous history of mental illness , police say . One of the female passengers had a finger cut off , according to reports . The incident follows a number of recent knife attacks in mainland China . One Monday , police in Shenzhen - an hour 's train away from Hong Kong - detained a man for stabbing three people to death . His arrest came days after another man was arrested in Henan province for a knife attack that killed five .	A man has attacked passengers on a bus in Hong Kong with a knife and injured at least 11 people , reports say .
St Mary 's Church in Barby , Northamptonshire , was packed with those paying tribute to Mr Lomax , who died earlier this month at the age of 67 . He was a founding member of the NTST and a pioneer of supporters ' involvement with their football clubs . The Cobblers Trust was the first of its kind when it was formed and became a template for many other clubs . Andy Burnham , a Labour MP and former Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport , was a pall bearer . He said : `` I would n't be anywhere else , because Brian had a very big impact on my life . `` He was a true father figure to many of us and that 's why we had such a huge turn out here today . `` He changed our lives when we were young men , radical men , who wanted football to change for the better and Brian Lomax offered us a vision for how that could be done . '' Mr Lomax was the first managing director of Supporters Direct and stepped down as its chairman in 2009 . He also served as a Liberal Democrat councillor on Daventry District Council .	Hundreds of mourners have turned out for the funeral of Northampton Town Supporters ' Trust founder Brian Lomax .
Oxford City Council 's executive board agreed BMW could build on its land in Cowley , and that it will relocate leisure facilities currently on site . The 24-acre land is currently home to the Oxford Sports and Social Club , Oxford Cricket Club , and Oxford United 's training ground . The expansion proposals are still subject to planning permission . The council said the new facility would include replacement football and cricket pitches , a classroom and a gym . It intends for the existing facilities used by the football club to remain in use until their replacement is ready . More than 2.5m cars have been made at the plant since BMW took over in 2001 . Oxford United is already looking for an alternative location for its training grounds . When Oxford Sports and Social Club closes it will be the last of the old motor manufacturing social clubs to go , but its lease ends in March , and its owners are n't looking to carry on . A spokesman from Oxford Cricket Club told me they 've effectively been evicted from the site - they played their very last game there on Saturday . He said they were disappointed not to have been involved in any discussions .	The Mini car plant in Oxford is to expand as part of a £4.9m deal with the city 's authority .
Her England colleagues Tammy Beaumont ( 36 ) and Natalie Sciver ( 40 not out ) helped Surrey to 133-6 after they had chosen to bat first . Taylor and Eve Jones ( 26 ) gave Thunder a good start to their reply . But they were all out for 100 , with Rene Farrell ( 5-26 ) recording the second-best bowling figures in the WSL . The Australian dismissed Taylor and Eleanor Threlkeld in a pivotal 14th over to set up victory , which maintained Surrey 's 100 % start to the competition , while Lancashire have lost both of their group matches to date . Wicketkeeper-batter Taylor did not play in the 2016 tournament as she was taking a break from cricket while trying to overcome anxiety problems , and missed Thunder 's defeat by Yorkshire at Headingley on Friday as she was attending a family wedding .	England 's Sarah Taylor scored 34 on her Women 's Super League debut but her Lancashire Thunder team lost to Surrey Stars by 33 runs at Old Trafford .
Police said the vehicle was stolen from Galway Street at 19:15 GMT on Saturday and driven into the Divis area where a crowd had gathered . They said that after a number of `` reckless hand-brake turns '' the vehicle was taken to Roumania Rise where an attempt was made `` to burn it out '' . This was prevented by police , they added .	Bottles and bricks have been thrown at police by a crowd as they attempted to recover a stolen car in west Belfast .
The animal was spotted in Applecross in Wester Ross on the north west coast earlier this week . Several red deer graze around houses in the village and the stag snagged the item of underwear while passing a washing line . Megan MacInnes managed to get the snap of the deer with its colourful antler decoration . Her friend Anne Macrae , who also lives in Applecross and has photographed the deer in the village , said the animals were not tame , but bold enough to come close to houses to feed . She said the deer come down from a nearby hill , the Bealach , to forage .	A red deer stag has been photographed in the Scottish Highlands with a bra tangled in its antlers .
The pair were able to escape before Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service arrived . The incident happened on the A483 near Clyro , Powys , shortly after 16:00 BST on Tuesday . It follows the yellow severe weather warning which was issued by the Met Office for Tuesday . The Met Office warned gusts of up to 60mph could hit parts of Wales and southern England as strong south-westerly winds sweep across the country . It warned of tricky conditions for drivers of towing vehicles . A spokesman said it was `` a little bit unusual '' to get winds of this severity in the southern part of the UK at this time of year . The warning was in force until 19:00 .	Two people have been taken to hospital after a tree fell on the bonnet of their car during strong winds .
Atebwch ein cwestiynau 'gwyddonol ' yn onest , a bydd eich darpar gymar yn cael ei ddatgelu ar y diwedd .	Mae ' n ddiwrnod y cariadon ar 25 Ionawr , ac yng nghyfnod Santes Dwynwen mae Cymru Fyw yn teimlo ei bod hi ' n ddyletswydd arnom ni , fel gwasanaeth cyhoeddus , i'ch helpu i ddarganfod eich cariad delfrydol !
Mr Peters , 20 , was on a night out when he was last seen on Coney Street on 2 October . He lived in the Hull Road area of the city . DI Jackie Smart , of North Yorkshire Police , said Mr Peters ' family had been informed and were receiving support from specially-trained officers .	A body pulled from the River Foss in York is that of missing student Ethan Peters , police have confirmed .
Media playback is not supported on this device Joshua is aiming to become Britain 's sixth world heavyweight champion in only his 16th professional fight . American Martin is making the first defence of the belt he won in January . There will also be live text commentary on the BBC Sport website , where you can also listen to BBC Radio 5 live 's boxing correspondent Mike Costello . He will be ringside from about 22:30 BST at London 's O2 Arena for build-up and the fight commentary . Costello will be accompanied by former super middleweight world champion Richie Woodhall and boxing journalist Steve Bunce . Earlier in the evening on BBC Radio Wales and online , there will be live commentary of Welsh boxer Lee Selby 's featherweight world title defence against Eric Hunter at the same venue . BBC Radio Cymru will provide Welsh language commentary .	Full commentary of Anthony Joshua 's fight against Charles Martin for the IBF heavyweight title on Saturday will be broadcast on BBC Radio 5 live .
The child was hurt in a collision with a car in Queen 's Drive at 17:40 . He has treated at the scene by paramedics for head and leg injuries before being taken to the city 's Sick Kids hospital . The road through Holyrood Park was closed while the crash was investigated . Anyone who witnessed what happened should contact the police .	An eight-year-old boy is in hospital after suffering serious injuries in a road crash in Edinburgh .
The 28-year-old Netherlands international has extended his contract with the Championship club until 2018 . He has not played since last October when he ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee . Krul has joined Ajax after goalkeeper Jasper Cillessen moved to Barcelona to replace Claudio Bravo . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Newcastle United goalkeeper Tim Krul has joined Ajax on a season-long loan after signing a new one-year deal with the Magpies .
Faulkner , who was chief executive at Premier League side Aston Villa until last month , fills a role that has been vacant since Mark Arthur left Forest in January 2013 . He was Villa 's chief operating officer before his promotion in May 2010 and also took on the role of Premier League representative on the FA Board . Faulkner will begin his new role with Forest on Monday , 1 September .	Nottingham Forest have confirmed Paul Faulkner as their new chief executive .
Around £6m will be used for a project which aims to improve the storage of renewable energy . Recruitment of 17 new PhD researchers as part of the project is planned , funded by the EU 's Interreg programme . It will also involve collaboration between the university , three research institutes and 14 businesses . It will look at the best ways of storing electricity and heat from individual houses , up to factories and other big industrial users . Project leader Professor Neil Hewitt Technologies said : `` If consumers can store energy effectively , that will allow very high levels of renewables to be integrated into power grids at the same time as putting consumers at the heart of the energy system . The Interreg programme supports projects in Northern Ireland , some border counties in the Republic of Ireland and western Scotland . It has a total value of £240m , which is due to be distributed by 2020 .	Ulster University ( UU ) has given details of how it will use some of the £20m it was awarded from an EU cross-border scheme .
The Sao Paulo boss , 58 , replaces Gerardo Martino who quit after their Copa America final defeat in June . Atletico Madrid 's Diego Simeone and Tottenham 's Mauricio Pochettino had been mentioned as potential candidates for the role . Bauza will now lead Argentina in their World Cup qualifiers in September , but will be without striker Lionel Messi following his international retirement . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Argentina have named Edgardo Bauza as their new head coach .
The information was previously used by the police and the MI5 intelligence agency . However , the Telegraph newspaper cited industry sources , in a report on 25 April , saying the government 's access had been `` blocked '' . Twitter declined to comment on the matter . `` We are protesting this decision . We are in talks with Twitter on getting access to this data , '' a government spokesman said , according to the Reuters news agency . The BBC understands that the data in question is available to private companies but the Home Office has now been denied access to it . Recent reports of Twitter data being used for surveillance had caused the company `` great concern '' , vice president Chris Moody wrote in a blog post last November . `` Our commitment to social justice is core to our mission and well established , '' he wrote . Prior to that , the firm had already blocked the CIA from purchasing data on Twitter users from the data-gathering service Dataminr . Dataminr confirmed to the BBC that it is not the third party previously used by the Home Office to access Twitter data . `` Dataminr is committed to privacy and civil liberties protections , '' the firm said in a statement .	The British government is protesting against Twitter 's decision to withdraw access to user data used to investigate potential terrorist plots .
Alexander Duncan , 59 , was found in a flat in Primrose Street on Sunday . Police Scotland is appealing for witnesses who may have seen anything `` unusual or suspicious '' . Det Insp Martin MacLean , of Police Scotland , said : `` I am keen to speak to anyone who was in the Primrose Street area from Thursday 16th April onwards or who knew Alexander Duncan . ''	The death of a man whose body was found in a Leith house is being treated as murder .
Ecuador 's left-wing President Rafael Correa called the visit `` an honour '' . Pope Francis will also travel to Bolivia and Paraguay , as part of his second trip to the region since becoming pontiff in 2013 . The Argentine is the first Pope to come from South America . He is expected to highlight the themes of poverty and inequality . In 2007 , before becoming Pope , he told a gathering of Latin American bishops that they were living in the most unequal part of the world . During his previous trip in 2013 , he addressed millions on Brazil 's Copacabana Beach . The Pope has requested to chew coca leaves while in Bolivia , according to Bolivian Culture Minister Marko Machicao . Coca , the raw ingredient for cocaine , has been used in the Andes for thousands of years to combat altitude sickness and as a mild stimulant . In September the Pope will travel to Cuba ahead of a trip to the US . The pontiff is credited with helping bring about last December 's diplomatic thaw between the two countries .	Pope Francis is due to arrive in Ecuador at the start of a seven-day tour of South America .
The 30-year-old man was discovered in the House of Fraser shop on Princes Street at 09:15 on Tuesday . Police said the death was being treated as unexplained and next of kin had been informed . House of Fraser said bosses at the store were helping police with their inquiries . The shop reopened at 09:00 on Wednesday . A spokesman for House of Fraser said : `` We are deeply saddened to confirm the death of one of our employees at our Frasers store in Edinburgh . `` Our thoughts are with the family during this difficult time . The cause of death is still being investigated and we are fully supporting the police with their investigations . `` We have decided that Frasers Edinburgh will remain closed today out of respect for the individual and our staff . We will be offering full support to our employees over the coming days and weeks . '' A spokesman for Police Scotland said : `` Inquiries into this matter are ongoing and a report will be sent to the procurator fiscal . ''	A police investigation is under way after an employee was found dead at an Edinburgh department store .
German world number 30 Siegemund beat France 's Kristina Mladenovic in April for her second career WTA title . Maria Sharapova , who made the Stuttgart semi-finals on her return from a 15-month doping ban , could play Eugenie Bouchard in Madrid 's second round . The Canadian recently said Sharapova should not have been allowed to return , describing the Russian as `` a cheater '' . Sharapova , who has slipped to 262 in the world , has been given a wildcard for the event in Spain , which runs from 5-14 May . She plays 17th seed Mirjana Lucic-Baroni following a reshuffle of the draw when her original opponent , 13th seed and fellow Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova , withdrew due to injury on Friday World number 59 Bouchard plays French world number 44 Alize Cornet . British number one and world number seven Konta , 25 , was beaten by Latvia 's Anastasija Sevastova in the second round in Stuttgart .	Britain 's Johanna Konta will play Stuttgart Open champion Laura Siegemund in the first round of the Madrid Open .
The 20-year-old striker spent last season with Brighton , helping the Seagulls to the Championship play-offs with five goals in 28 outings . Wilson 's last Premier League appearance for United was in October 2015 . `` He is an energetic player who will add to our existing attacking options , '' Derby manager Nigel Pearson told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	James Wilson has joined Championship side Derby on loan from Manchester United for the rest of the season .
The emergency services were called to Beeston Marina in Nottinghamshire at 18:00 BST following reports the boy had gone into the River Trent off Riverside Road . Police said that a body was found in the water at about 22:00 . The Nottinghamshire force said in a statement : `` Our thoughts are with the family during this time . ''	A body has been found by police searching for 12-year-old Owen Jenkins who fell into the water at a marina .
An incident was reported by a woman in the Murray Street area of New Elgin on Wednesday 27 July . Grzegorz Burzawa , 33 , of Elgin , appeared at the town 's sheriff court under the Sexual Offences ( Scotland ) Act 2009 charged with rape and sexual assault . He made no plea and was released on bail .	A man has appeared in court charged with rape in Moray last year .
The Bronze Age items were discovered in Wenvoe , Vale of Glamorgan , in August 2014 and April 2015 . In Llanarmon-yn-Iâl , Denbighshire , an early medieval piece which would have formed part of a gilt bronze or silver brooch was found in August 2014 . Also declared treasure was an early medieval silver ingot found in Trelawnyd and Gwaenysgor , Flintshire . The Bronze Age axe and spearheads were found by Gwyn Rees and are thought to have been buried during a ritual ceremony about 3,500 years ago . National Museum Wales has expressed interest in buying the items . The brooch includes a gold baseplate , decorated with a spherical blue glass bead set in a gold collar , and was found by Karina Kucharski . Dr Mark Redknap , of National Museum Wales , said : `` Early medieval gold work of this period is rarely found in Wales . `` This new find adds significantly to our understanding of early medieval jewellery and its circulation , as well as the gold working technologies used at this time . '' The silver ingot was found by Francis Hodge and Flintshire museums want to acquire it .	An early Bronze Age axe and spearheads are among a number of finds which have been declared treasure by a coroner .
Sylvia Baillie was left scarred for life after the attack by a Japanese Akita in Paisley on 13 July . Patrick Maher , 45 , and Leeanne McHugh , 35 appeared in private at Paisley Sheriff Court . They were charged with breaking the Dangerous Dogs Act . They made no plea or declaration . Maher faces two additional charges under the same section of the act . Prosecutors claim he was in charge of the dog at a Keystore in Paisley 's Glenburn Road on 26 June when it was again dangerously out of control . And on 30 June it is said to have attacked another person in Paisley 's Glenfinner Road . The case was continued and the pair were released on bail to an address in Renfrew .	A man and woman have appeared in court accused of being in charge of an `` dangerously out of control '' dog that attacked a pensioner .
Ms Brown and a 29-year-old man were recovered from the water after police heard shouts near Wandsworth Bridge at 23:45 GMT on Tuesday . The pair were taken to hospital where Ms Brown died . A boat was later recovered from the water at the scene . Ms Brown lived in East Finchley but was originally from Welling in Bexley . A post-mortem examination at St George 's Hospital on Friday failed to establish a cause of death and the coroner ordered further tests . An inquest will open on Tuesday .	A 24-year-old woman who died after the motorboat she was in capsized on the Thames has been named as Charlotte Sophie Brown .
Officers were searching a property at Cockret Court in Cockret Road after arresting a man on suspicion of racial/religious aggravated harassment and criminal damage . Neighbouring flats within a 100m cordon have been evacuated and residents are being offered temporary shelter nearby . A 60-year-old man remains in police custody . North Yorkshire Police warned there would be disruption to the surrounding area as emergency services attended the scene . It said the flats were being evacuated as a precaution .	Homes in Selby , North Yorkshire , have been evacuated after police found suspected hazardous material .
Changes in the way radioactive fuel should be handled and a requirement for additional security at nuclear sites has created more work at Dounreay . The changes are required by the UK government . Cavendish Dounreay Partnership said current levels of employment would be maintained for longer . The company runs the nuclear plant 's operator Dounreay Site Restoration Limited ( DSRL ) .	The finishing date for work to decommission and close the Dounreay nuclear power site in Caithness has been pushed back from 2025 to 2029 .
The man was pronounced dead at the scene after emergency services were called to Marine Court on the Marina , St Leonards , at about 09:00 GMT . His death was being treated as suspicious , a spokesman for Sussex Police said . A 54-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder . Any witnesses are asked to come forward .	A man has been arrested over the death of a 93-year-old man who fell from a seafront flat .
The Climate Council report , titled `` Angry Summer '' , said the season was defined by intense heatwaves and bushfires in eastern Australia but heavy rain and flooding in the west . It showed climate change was being felt across Australia , the researchers said . The report also warned that electricity networks were likely to be strained by increased demand in the future . Source : Climate Council At least 205 records were broken over the three-month period , the independent body said . Lead author Will Steffen , a climate scientist , said the extreme weather was driven by climate change . `` We 're experiencing unprecedented extreme heat and setting new records at an alarming rate , with every part of Australia feeling the impact , '' he said . `` Extreme weather will continue to intensify through this century if we continue to sit on our hands and fail to move rapidly to get fossil fuels out of our economy . '' The authors said Australia 's `` ageing , inefficient and polluting '' energy system would come under more pressure from extreme weather . The Climate Council was formed after Australia abolished the Climate Commission , a government advisory body , in 2013 .	More than 200 weather records were broken during Australia 's most recent summer , a climate group has warned .
Emergency services were alerted at about 04:20 that a young child was in the water in Dalmellington , East Ayrshire . She was taken to Ayr Hospital for treatment . Police Scotland said inquiries were ongoing to establish the details of the incident . A spokeswoman said : `` Police received a report of a young girl having fallen into water , believed to be a burn , in Cathcartson , Ayrshire . `` The girl , believed to be a four-year-old , was taken to Ayr Hospital for treatment . ''	A four-year-old girl was taken to hospital after she fell into a burn in East Ayrshire in the early hours of Tuesday .
The 30-year-old former Colchester man has made 151 appearances for the Shrimpers , having become Phil Brown 's first signing as manager in 2013 . White , who had been out of contract , captained the side that won promotion via the League Two play-offs in 2015 . `` I know the ambition of the club , the manager and the players here , '' White added . `` With how close we got last season , it was a no-brainer that we 're going to be looking to do a bit better from the start of the season this time to give ourselves the best chance of getting promotion . ''	Southend United defender John White has signed a one-year contract with the League One side .
The fire broke out at the Waverley Hotel , which is owned by Stagecoach tycoon Ann Gloag , on 17 November . The hotel was empty at the time and no-one was hurt . It is understood damage was caused to all three floors of the main building and the roof . It took firefighters more than four hours to bring the blaze under control . Eight appliances were used . The fire service said it would be carrying out an investigation to establish the cause of the fire . Ms Gloag bought the former hotel in 2011 and is hoping to develop the site with a gym and church hall . The Waverley Hotel is a listed building and plans to demolish it have been met with objections . On 23 October , Historic Environment Scotland - which advised Perth and Kinross Council on whether to grant the application for the hotel 's demolition - said there were `` a number of issues '' , with the case for demolition to be considered before the council comes to a decision .	Two teenagers , aged 17 and 18 , have been charged in connection with a fire at a derelict hotel in Perth .
`` Run toward , do n't run away ! '' was organised after a man tried to strangle a woman , 25 , with the wire from her headphones in Fog Lane Park , Didsbury . Runners set off at 15:00 - the time the victim was attacked . Organiser Louise Hudson said many people had been shocked by the attack but added `` we 're not afraid '' and said a new runners ' network has been set up . Ms Hudson , from West Didsbury , said : `` It is shocking what 's happened . It startles people and frightens them . `` My hope is that we might meet new people , new friends to go running with . '' Runners of different abilities did laps around the park during the event . Ms Hudson said it was about `` feeling safer in numbers and feeling that we 're not detracted or deterred by this but actually more enthused '' .	More than 100 people have taken part in a run at a Manchester park a week after a jogger was attacked .
The proposals for the homes at Mill Lane , Greens Norton , are going before South Northamptonshire Council 's development control committee . The parish council has warned Mill Lane already has traffic problems as it is used by drivers to avoid queuing between the A43/A5 roundabouts . But council officers say the scheme would not compromise safety . The plan for the homes , in vacant field to the rear of Calvert Close with access via a track off Mill Lane , has been put forward by a Mr and Mrs R Hunt . Isabel Lefever , the chairman of Greens Norton Parish Council , said in a submission to the committee that Mill Lane `` has always been for villagers the most dangerous part of the entrance/exit to the village '' . She said she was concerned that the development was also near a children 's nursery . But a report to the committee , meeting in the afternoon , says the local highways agency raises no objection to the scheme . Council officers recommend the scheme is approved by councillors .	Plans for 49 homes in a village near Towcester are being recommended for approval despite road safety concerns .
Baltacha died from liver cancer on 4 May 2014 , aged 30 , six months after announcing her retirement from playing . Husband Nino Severino said : `` It 's very touching that the British tennis family is remembering her this way . '' The newly commissioned trophy - a silver bowl - will be played for at the new WTA event which runs from 6-14 June at Nottingham Tennis Centre . Born in Ukraine , Baltacha moved to the UK after her footballer father Sergei joined Ipswich Town from Dynamo Kiev in the late 1980s . He subsequently moved his career and family to Scotland , where Elena spent her teenage years . Her tennis career began in 1997 and she won 11 ITF events and battled injury and illness before her retirement . She had returned to living in Ipswich by the time of her passing . Great Britain 's Fed Cup captain Judy Murray said : `` She was one of the best competitors I ever saw and had a lot of success at the Nottingham event . `` I know she would be thrilled with this . '' Media playback is not supported on this device	The winner 's trophy at the Aegon Open in Nottingham has been named in honour of Elena Baltacha .
5 August 2016 Last updated at 12:20 BST The man can be seen jumping onto a car bonnet in Leicester city centre and shouting at the driver , before the driver continues to drive . Onlookers said the man then jumped off and began punching other cars . Leicestershire Police said a man had been arrested for criminal damage and assault , and was treated at hospital for his injuries . The drama unfolded along Burleys Way , close to the junction with St Margaret 's Way , at about 17:50 on Thursday .	Dramatic footage has been filmed of a man jumping on a moving car and punching the windscreen in a rage .
The accident happened at junction 29 near Paisley at about 15:45 on Saturday . Police Scotland said the man appeared to lose control of the green SMC quad bike before crashing . Emergency services attended and the man was pronounced dead at the scene . Investigating officers have urged any witnesses to come forward . Sgt Mark Miller , from Police Scotland 's Divisional Road Policing Unit at Greenock , said : `` I would appeal to anyone who was on the M8 near to Junction 29 around the time of the crash , who may have witnessed what happened , to get in touch . `` I am also appealing for any motorists who could potentially have dashcam footage of the incident , or of the quad bike driving on the motorway beforehand , to please come forward . ''	A 24-year-old man has died after crashing his quad bike into a lamp post on a slip road of the M8 motorway .
The man was arrested in the Springfields area of Portadown after the deaths of Michael and Majorie Cawdery on Friday . The couple , both 83 , were found in their Upper Ramone Park home in Portadown . They are reported to have been stabbed . The man will appear at Lisburn Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday . He has also been charged with aggravated burglary and aggravated vehicle-taking .	A 40-year-old man has been charged with the murder of an elderly married couple in County Armagh .
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 5 and 12 May . Send your photos to scotlandpictures @ bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at # bbcscotlandpics	All pictures are copyrighted .
Shortly after trading began the Dow Jones was down 173.24 points , or 1.1 % , at 16,106.85 . The S & P 500 index fell 16.71 points to 1,922.05 , while the Nasdaq was 31.97 points lower at 4,720.78 . Shares in Caterpillar fell 7 % after the construction and mining equipment maker warned of falling revenues and announced thousands of job cuts . The company cut its forecast for revenues this year by $ 1bn to $ 48bn , adding that sales in 2016 would be about 5 % lower . Caterpillar - which has been hit by the downturn in the mining and energy sectors -also said it would cut up to 5,000 jobs by the end of 2016 , and could shed 10,000 posts by 2018 . Later on Thursday , investors will be keeping a close eye on a speech being given by Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen on inflation . It will be Ms Yellen 's first speech since the Fed decided to hold US interest rates at its meeting last week , and will be scrutinised for any clues as to the timing of a rate rise .	( Open ) : US stocks opened lower as worries about the state of the global economy continued to rattle investors .
The 58-year-old shop keeper had to undergo surgery for knife injuries to his throat following an incident at Costcutters in Queensferry on Thursday . Matthew Whelan , 29 , of Mancot , was charged with attempted murder and robbery at the court hearing in Mold . Leslie Baines , 47 , of Connah 's Quay , was also charged with robbery . They were remanded in custody and are due to appear for a plea hearing at Mold Crown Court on 6 January .	Two men have been charged with robbery and one faces an additional attempted murder charge in connection with an incident at a Flintshire shop .
Wasps topped the Premiership last season , as did French side La Rochelle in the Top 14 . Leinster face English champions Exeter , Montpellier and Glasgow while Munster go up against Racing 92 , Leicester and Castres . The first round of fixtures will be staged on 13-15 October . `` It 's an exciting draw and quite a formidable pool , '' said Ulster director of rugby Les Kiss . `` We have to front up against three very good teams although one plus is that we do n't have to travel as far as the last two seasons . '' Ulster , who won the competition in 1999 , have failed to make it out of the pool stage in the last three seasons . Harlequins finished sixth in the Premiership last season while Ulster were fifth in the Pro12 . The sides met in the 2008/9 Heineken Cup with Harlequins winning at The Stoop before a Belfast victory for Ulster . Defending champions Saracens have been drawn in the same pool as runners-up Clermont Auvergne . The London club retained their title with a 28-17 win over the French side at Murrayfield last month .	Ulster have been drawn to play Wasps , La Rochelle and Harlequins in Pool One of next season 's European Champions Cup .
Iraqi Zana Yusif killed 64-year-old Bangladeshi national Tarek Chowdhury in a cell at Colnbrook Immigration Removal Centre on 1 December . At the Old Bailey , the 32-year-old admitted manslaughter by diminished responsibility but denied murder . The prosecution accepted the plea because he had an `` abnormality of the mind '' when the attack happened . Prosecutor Jake Hallam QC said two psychiatric reports had been carried out on Yusif . He also had a `` psychiatric history '' which was noted at different times when he had served `` shortish sentences '' in custody . Both men were at the centre in West Drayton awaiting deportation from the UK . Det Insp James Stevenson , the investigating officer for the Met Police , said : `` This was a vicious unprovoked attack on Mr Chowdhury that ultimately cost him his life . I am pleased that Yusif has finally taken responsibility for his actions . '' Judge Richard Marks QC adjourned the case until 21 June pending a further report .	A man has admitted beating to death a fellow detainee at an immigration centre in west London .
Willie Maughan and Anastasija Varslavane were last seen in Gormanston , County Meath , on 14 April 2015 . At the time of their disappearance , one line of inquiry was that they had been murdered by a criminal gang . Following the search , police said the investigation was ongoing .	Irish police have conducted a search in County Louth believed to be linked to the disappearance of a couple two years ago .
The Osborne House lower terrace , where the Queen wrote and painted , has been restored by English Heritage at a cost of Â£600,000 . The organisation said falling masonry and broken steps had made the terrace too dangerous to open previously . It said the terrace was the last major part of the property to be repaired . Part of the work included restoring the Italian-inspired yellow colour of the walls to match the rest of the property . Also restored are the centrepiece Andromeda fountain and the ornate Shell Alcove , decorated with thousands of sea-shells from the beach below . Samantha Stones , English Heritage 's Properties Curator at Osborne , said : `` Queen Victoria loved to be outside in the fresh sea air and the terrace was a place of peace . ''	Part of the garden at Queen Victoria 's private family home on the Isle of Wight is being opened to the public for the first time .
The authorities there say at the time they received the call from the scene of the shooting , all ambulances `` were committed '' so they asked private service Netcare to send an ambulance . Eyewitnesses say it took nearly an hour for the ambulance to get to the injured star of the popular soap series Generations , although Netcare says it responded within 20 minutes of receiving the call . We want to investigate how long it takes ambulance services to respond around the continent . Tell us your experience . Please share your comments below , and we will use them to investigate and report on the state of emergency care in Africa .	The recent killing of South African TV star Mandla Hlatswayo has prompted a debate about how quickly emergency services respond in Johannesburg .
1 January 2015 Last updated at 19:00 GMT Two petrol bombs were thrown at her property on Wednesday night . One of them ignited causing scorch damage to a window and door . BBC Newsline 's Helen Jones reports .	A woman in her 70s has been left shaken by a petrol bomb attack on her home in Magherafelt , County Londonderry .
The second stage of Plasdwr - a 900-acre site bordering Fairwater , St Fagans , Danescourt and Radyr - was approved for land south of Pentrebane Road . It comes after plans for the first 630 homes bordering Llantrisant Road were given the go-ahead in February . Redrow Homes said work on the first phase is due to start this summer .	A £2bn garden city in Cardiff has moved a step closer after plans for a further 290 homes received the green light .
The 20-year-old 's body was discovered in a Peugeot 106 in Yateley , Hampshire , at 08:00 GMT . Police said it was thought the car had been involved in a `` traffic incident '' at about 02:00 in Cricket Hill Lane , at the junction with Carrick Road . The car was found in undergrowth nearby . Officers said someone had reported hearing a bang . Hampshire Constabulary said the man 's next of kin had been informed but formal identification was yet to take place . Anyone with information is urged to contact the force .	A man has been found dead in a car police believe may have been involved in a crash six hours earlier .
Her departure was announced at the end of the trust 's AGM by chairman Angela Ballatti , who thanked her for her `` exceptional leadership '' . In a statement , Ms Boswell said it was the `` right time '' after 14 years as an NHS chief executive to retire . Andrew MacCallum , who had been Ms Boswell 's deputy , will step in as acting chief executive . Ms Boswell took over as interim chief executive of the RCHT from Peter Colclough in September 2011 . She previously worked for the strategic health authority NHS South West on preparing trusts for foundation applications . Ms Ballatti said the RCHT would begin the formal appointment process for a new permanent chief executive `` who can help us continue on our journey to become an outstanding NHS Trust '' in due course . The announcement came at the same meeting where the trust said its revenue budget was Â£1.83m in the red , Â£3.15m off target . It blamed `` underachievement of savings '' and higher than planned costs of delivering non-elective surgeries , such as those for emergencies .	The chief executive of the Royal Cornwall Hospitals Trust ( RCHT ) Lezli Boswell is retiring .
Rangers said the number of people not clearing up after their dogs at Holyrood Park had soared in recent months , prompting them to take action . They said the paint was eco-friendly and was a way of highlighting the issue to pet owners . Dog fouling is an offence , with a fixed penalty of Â£80 . James Hamilton , senior ranger at Holyrood Park , said : The ranger service has noticed an increase in the volume of people not clearing up after their dogs . `` Our job is to protect the park and make it welcoming for all users . `` We have undertaken an initiative spraying uncollected dog waste with eco-friendly paint to highlight the issue . `` The ranger service has also put up information signs to inform the public of what we are doing and highlighting the bin locations . `` We are also providing free dog waste bags . `` This method has had a positive effect in parks and green spaces up and down the country , so we 're confident it will have a similar outcome here in Holyrood Park . ''	Dog dirt is being sprayed with paint by rangers in the Queen 's park in Edinburgh in a bid to highlight an increasing problem of fouling .
Police launched an investigation after two girls aged 13 and 14 were assaulted in separate incidents in the town centre on Tuesday and Wednesday . A 24-year-old man from Burnley has been charged with sexual assault and false imprisonment , Lancashire Police said . He is due to appear before magistrates in Burnley on Monday .	A man has been charged by police investigating the sexual assault of two schoolgirls in Burnley .
8 February 2017 Last updated at 08:31 GMT Lots of snow fell in city over the weekend . So a group of students from the University of British Columbia decided to organise a massive snowball fight ! Take a look at the snowy battle in action .	Hundreds of students have taken part in a huge snowball fight in Vancouver in Canada .
Fifth and final through the sliding doors was Nicola Sturgeon of the SNP . She said she has never been trouble with the police and she would fight in a war if she `` had to '' . Asking the questions were Sarah ( 18 ) ; Jamie-Lee ( 16 ) ; Louis ( 16 ) ; Erin ( 18 ) and Megan ( 18 ) . They are all members of the BBC 's Generation 2016 election panel . Ms Sturgeon , who is hoping her party will win majority government for a second time on 5 May , said she would fight in a war but she hoped `` the next generation of people here do n't have to '' . On whether she would give a home to a refugee , the politician said : `` Yes , if we had to ask people to open their own homes to refugees then I would n't ask other people to do that if I was n't prepared to do it myself . `` So , as I 've said before , if that was ever necessary then I would be willing to do it . '' Ms Sturgeon was also asked about the minimum wage for young people and who she would most like to be stuck in a lift with .	Young voters have been quizzing Scotland 's party leaders during a five-stop lift journey .
Hundreds had gathered at Westfield in Shepherd 's Bush for the so-called `` die-in '' demonstration in December 2014 . They were supporting rallies in the US prompted by the death of Eric Garner , a black man who died during an arrest in New York in July . Fifty-four people remain on police bail .	Twenty-two people arrested during a mass protest at a major London shopping centre have been released without charge .
Fifty-four-year-old Mark Lamont was critically injured outside a house on the Ballycastle Road last month . He died in hospital on Tuesday evening . The man was detained in Newtownards on Tuesday evening .	A 35-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder , after a man died following an attack in Coleraine .
The drugs had an estimated street value of NZ $ 123m ( $ 94m ; £63m ) . Organised crime police said the gangs had used previously unseen techniques to import and produce the drug . Nine people were arrested under Operation Wand and Operation Sorrento , including seven people from Hong Kong and mainland China . The raids were a joint operation between the customs authorities and police from the Organised and Financial Crime Agency New Zealand ( Ofcanz ) . The drugs were discovered during raids on a number of Auckland addresses in late March . In one bust of a lab in the Pakuranga district , police found 20kg of meth which was `` ready or being prepared for market '' . Detective Inspector Bruce Good said this showed `` the scale of the organised criminal operation we have infiltrated during Operation Wand . Unfortunately it also suggests that the market for methamphetamine remains strong in New Zealand '' . He said the fact that the two groups appeared not to be connected showed that there were `` a number of players involved in the importation , production and supply of methamphetamine in the Auckland region '' . Police Commissioner Mike Bush said methamphetamine was `` a significant driver of crime that does enormous damage to our communities '' .	Police in Auckland , New Zealand , have seized 123kg of methamphetamine in two drug busts , breaking up two apparently unrelated gangs .
A problem on the line between Luton and Harpenden left lines in both directions in the area blocked , Network Rail said . The fault has been fixed but the Thameslink service between Brighton and Bedford will be disrupted until at least 13:00 BST . Services between London St Pancras and Nottingham , Leicester , Derby and Sheffield are also affected . Live updates and other stories from the area Roger Perkins from Thameslink said that while the problem , which started just before 02:00 BST , has been mended , disruption will continue . `` Network Rail have now got the signalling up and running again and we will soon , we hope , be able to start running our trains again , but they really are very much backed up and completely in the wrong place . `` It 's such a busy service it takes a really long time to get everything back and running on the normal timetable so there will be disruption right through the morning . '' National Rail has warned passengers services may be cancelled or delayed by up to 90 minutes . Tickets are being accepted on Great Northern , South West Trains and Southern services via any reasonable route , buses between Elephant and Castle and Elstree and Borehamwood , and the London Underground by any reasonable route .	Commuters are facing `` major disruption '' - including cancellations and delays - caused by a signalling fault .
The 32-year old Frenchman finished 10.2 seconds ahead of second-placed Ott Tanak of Estonia . Ogier secured his fourth consecutive WRC title in October , alongside his Volkswagen Motorsport co-driver Julien Ingrassia . His victory in Wales was his sixth of the season . Belgium 's Thierry Neuville was third at the end of the 22 stages . Neuville is in contention for second place overall in the WRC . Kris Meeke and Citroen co-driver Paul Nagle were the best British competitors in fifth place . Wales ' Osian Pryce was 19th after stage 19 at Alwen , but had to withdraw when he suffered a hole in a radiator on the approach to the 20th stage at Clocaenog . The final round of the WRC starts in Australia on 17 November .	World Rally champion Sebastien Ogier has won the Wales Rally GB for a fourth successive year .
Students will be able to work on Morgan racing cars and alongside traditional craftsmen on a range of vehicles made by the Malvern-based firm . The university has invested Â£12m at its Telford Innovation Campus to support students ' work on Formula 3 and Morgan racing cars , a spokesman said . Motor racing workshops and car bays will be created at its Priorslee site . Morgan managing director , Steve Morris , said : `` Without a doubt the combined expertise of craftsmanship working alongside engineering students on a number of projects will bring added benefits to both parties , whilst affording students an invaluable insight into the world of car manufacturing and racing . '' The car maker was founded by HFS Morgan in 1909 . It began producing three wheeler cars in 1910 , but the firm 's reputation is based on hand-built small sports cars .	A classic car company is to help train engineering students at Wolverhampton University .
Officers were called to a train arriving at Dundee railway station at about 20:30 on Saturday after reports of an abusive passenger . The man , from Friockheim , was charged under the Threatening Communications Act and with possession of a controlled drug . He is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Tuesday .	A 21-year-old Angus man has been charged after allegedly becoming abusive on a train at the weekend .
Digital cameras have been installed across the city to tackle what the council called a `` growing problem '' . New lining and signing is in place and existing road markings and signs have been refreshed . The council was granted authority to carry out enforcement after submitting a business case to Scottish ministers . It said 11 cameras had been installed on strategic routes in Aberdeen ahead of the enforcement launch on Monday . During one day of testing - when only four cameras were being used - 1,200 offences were detected . The council is allowing motorists a grace period and anyone caught flouting the rules in that time will receive a warning letter instead of a charge notice . Repeat offenders , however , will be fined . The penalty for motorists driving in bus lanes has been set at £60 , reduced to £30 if paid within 14 days . The only vehicles allowed to use the bus lanes are buses , taxis , private licensed hire vehicles and bicycles . Emergency service vehicles can use them only when responding to an emergency .	Motorists who use bus lanes illegally are facing a crackdown in Aberdeen as the city council takes over enforcement .
The emergency services were alerted after an electrical fire broke out in the car at about 13:50 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service dispatched a crew to the scene , and a firefighter wearing breathing apparatus extinguished the flames with a hose jet . Airport operations were not disrupted by the blaze and no-one was injured . A police spokesman said the vehicle would be recovered in due course .	Fire crews were called out after a taxi burst into flames outside the main terminal of Glasgow airport .
The 28-year-old Scot has made seven appearances for the Blades this season but has not featured for them since the start of December . He started his career at Clyde and has also played for Queen of the South , Blackpool and Rotherham . Harris is available for the League One game against Scunthorpe on Saturday at Highbury . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Fleetwood Town have signed Sheffield United left-back Bob Harris on loan until the end of the season .
The A563 Palmerston Way in West Knighton was flooded after a `` trunk '' pipe burst early on Friday . Severn Trent Water apologised after more than 1,000 homes were affected but said water supplies were now back to normal in the city . The road is closed between A6 Leicester Road and Welford Road and motorists have been told to expect delays . Overdale Infant and Junior Schools in Eastcourt Road are also closed . Sarah Jane O'Kane , from Severn Trent Water , said the burst pipe was classed as a `` trunk pipe '' which meant it held a large amount of water . `` We can only apologise for any traffic problems or any water supply problems that people are going to see . ''	A major road in Leicester could be closed for several days after a water main burst .
Emergency services were called by a passer-by at 10:33 BST to rescue the man from the water behind the ASDA supermarket . Devon and Cornwall Police said they believed the man had fallen into the river . A member of the public kept the man 's head out of the water until the emergency services arrived . A spokesman for the police said the man had been in the water for 40 minutes before specialist crews were able to rescue him . He was then taken to Torbay Hospital for treatment . Police are investigating how the man came to fall into the river to `` rule out any foul play '' .	A man in his sixties is in hospital with head injuries after falling into the River Lemon in Newton Abbot .
Two radio tracking receivers , worth Â£3,000 each , were taken from a locked container near Shipston-on-Stour . They were being used to track bats , including the rare Barbastelle species . Project officer Lois Browne , from Warwickshire County Council , said the equipment was `` very important '' to the completion of the two-year study . `` It was in a secure , locked container in the middle of a woodland and we suspect that opportunists thought they had found something valuable , '' she said . `` It 's really of no use to anyone other than ecologists . Only people radio tracking animals would want to use it , so we 've alerted the ecological community to the theft and we 're also tracking various online auction sites . `` Hopefully whoever has taken it will realise the error of their ways and return the radio tracking receivers to us . '' The equipment was stolen between 16 and 18 September . The Warwickshire Barbastelle Project is a SITA trust funded scheme co-ordinated by Warwickshire County Council and Warwickshire Bat Group . It is supported by The Bat Conservation Trust , Natural England and a team of volunteers .	A bat conservation project in Warwickshire has suffered a setback after thieves stole specialist equipment worth thousands of pounds .
The 22-year-old revealed last month that he had an operation in October . Fell saw a specialist earlier this week and will fly out to Perth on Monday to play for Mount Lawley . `` The results were all fine . I 'm looking forward to playing some cricket again and it 's great news that I can go away until the end of February , '' he said . Fell has decided not to have chemotherapy , but instead have regular check-ups and he will be seen by doctors every month while he is in Western Australia . He scored 1,084 Championship runs in 2015 , making him the youngest batsman in county cricket to pass 1,000 runs for the season last summer , and subsequently signed a new three-year contract with Worcestershire .	Worcestershire batsman Tom Fell has been given the all-clear to fly to Australia to play grade cricket following testicular cancer surgery .
Elia joined Quins on a short-term deal in December , but did not play a game for the club last season . The 21-year-old has won three Test caps for Samoa , having made his debut against France in November 2016 . `` Elia showed in his short time at Harlequins last year that he is a talented young player , '' director of rugby John Kingston said .	Harlequins ' Samoa international hooker Elia Elia has signed a new contract with the Premiership club .
International ballroom champion Shirley Ballas has been named as the new head judge on Strictly Come Dancing . Nicknamed the Queen of Latin , the 56-year-old will replace Len Goodman when the BBC show returns this autumn . Highly regarded in the world of ballroom , she has numerous titles to her name and is also the mother to Dancing with the Stars professional champion Mark Ballas . Strictly professional Anton Du Beke and former judge Arlene Phillips were among the favourites to take on the head judge role . Although not widely known to UK audiences , Ballas has been frequently seen on Dancing with the Stars , the US version of Strictly - on which Mark appeared for 10 years - giving masterclasses and commentary . `` I am so excited and over the moon to have been given this wonderful opportunity , '' she said . `` I ca n't wait to get in to the ballroom and be part of the incredible and respected judging panel . Strictly is so loved by the British public , I have always been a massive fan . I just ca n't wait ! '' Read more : Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk . Get news from the BBC in your inbox , each weekday morning	It 's the announcement everyone has been waiting a year for .
Activists from Glasgow Palestine Action gained access to the Thales Group site , in Govan , on Tuesday morning . They say the firm makes components for drones which have been used against Palestinian people in Gaza . Police Scotland said seven women and three men had been arrested . They were due to appear from custody at Glasgow Sheriff Court on Wednesday .	Ten people have been arrested following a protest by a pro-Palestinian group at a defence engineering firm in Glasgow .
French media reports had linked the 30-year old , who is currently on international duty , with a switch to the Top 14 . `` I would be very surprised if he was going to Pau , '' Pivac said . A Scarlets spokesperson told BBC Wales Sport that while no details had been agreed , talks are underway on extending Owens ' stay at Parc y Scarlets . Owens joined the Scarlets in 2004 and his current contact expires in the summer . While the hooker remains with Wales ' for Saturday 's Six Nations game against England , Scarlets resume their Pro12 campaign away to Glasgow on Friday . Pivac said a week of rest has enabled the region to prioritise off-the-field matters . `` It has been great to concentrate on contracts and stuff behind the scenes , '' the New Zealander said . However , the Scarlets have suffered a blow with the news that prop Dylan Evans is out for the remainder of the season . `` We have had a season ending injury to one of our squad members , '' Pivac revealed . `` Dylan Evans has had surgery on tendons in his finger and at the same time he will probably get his shoulder done . `` That 's him gone for the season . ''	Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac does not expect Wales hooker Ken Owens to leave the region to join Pau .
Residents of the Humberstone Fitties , near Cleethorpes , will be stopped from staying overnight in their properties from November until March . Currently , they are not allowed to stay after 16:00 GMT during January and February . North East Lincolnshire Council said the change was introduced due to a risk of flooding . The council , which owns the site , said it was responding to an independent flood risk assessment report . In a statement the authority said : `` We have a clear duty to look after those tenants in the chalets . `` This report contains independent professional advice concerning increased risks to life and to property at the Fitties which the council is duty bound to bring to the attention of all owners of chalets . '' Chalet owner Glenn Sibbick described the council 's ruling as a `` nanny state '' decision . `` We realise the risk that we 're at from the flooding , '' he said `` But with the communications we have today , the fact of the weather forecasting we have today , there is nobody seriously at risk from something that 's going to appear within an hour that we ca n't respond to . '' The site is separated from the sea by a dune system and has more than 300 chalets , with many self-built by owners in the 1930s .	Owners of holiday homes on the Lincolnshire coast will have the number of months they can stay in them cut .
The pursuit began in the Bear Road area of Brighton at about 22:00 GMT after a Vauxhall Astra failed to stop for officers , Sussex Police said . It drove towards the city centre before hitting the pedestrian on St James 's Street . The victim was pronounced dead at the scene . The car was later found abandoned on Madeira Drive near Concorde 2 nightclub . The force is trying to trace the driver and has appealed for witnesses . St James 's Street remains closed while officers investigate , it added .	A pedestrian has been hit and killed by a car that was being chased by police .
Washbrook and Talanoa have signed one-year extensions with last season 's Challenge Cup winners , while Thompson will stay for another two terms at the Super League club . `` It 's really pleasing to see all of them stay with the club , '' Hull head coach Lee Radford said . `` Having tasted success last year , I 've no doubt they will be hungry for more . '' Loose-forward Washbrook , 31 , said : `` It 's a great club and I 'm a Hull lad so it was an easy decision for me . We all want to carry on the success of last season . '' Winger Talanoa added : `` I 'm really happy here and my family are settled . Now it 's about building on the back of last season and getting our hands on more silverware . '' And loose-forward Thompson said : `` It 's massive to have my future secured . ''	Danny Washbrook , Fetuli Talanoa and Jordan Thompson have all signed new deals at Hull FC .
Oliver Parsons , 30 , of no fixed address , appeared at Guildford Crown Court accused of killing Joe Lewis , 24 , of Rustington , West Sussex . Mr Lewis was stabbed at a block of flats in Montague Street at about 01:00 GMT and died at the scene . Mr Parsons was remanded in custody to appear at Lewes Crown Court on 20 March . He appeared by video link from Lewes Prison .	A man has appeared in court charged with murdering a man at a flat in Brighton on Christmas Day .
The Championship club have rejected an offer from Premier League Norwich City for the former Arsenal forward , 22 , who has scored three goals in four games so far this season . `` We 're not looking to sell any of our players , '' Jackett told BBC WM 95.6 . `` It 's not a situation where we 're looking to move players in or out . '' Afobe joined Wolves from Arsenal in January and has scored 16 times in 25 appearances for the Molineux side . That return has thrust him into the spotlight and triggered debate over his potential future , with the Canaries the first club to make a firm bid . But Wolves issued a statement on Wednesday outlining their position , saying neither Afobe `` nor any of Wolves ' first team forward players , will be sold this season , '' adding that Afobe had become a `` key '' player in their plans for this season . Afobe netted Wolves ' opening goal in Wednesday 's 3-2 home defeat by Queens Park Rangers and Jackett is adamant he will not be negatively affected by the talk about his future . `` No , he 'll be flattered by the speculation , '' Jackett said . `` He 'll concentrate on his Wolves career and scoring goals for us . ''	Wolves head coach Kenny Jackett has reiterated they have no intention or need to sell striker Benik Afobe .
Ponting will work alongside interim head coach Justin Langer and assistant Jason Gillespie for the three-match series , which begins on 17 February . The trio will stand in for the usual coaching staff led by Darren Lehmann , as the series clashes with the Australia Test squad 's tour of India . Ponting , 42 , said he looked forward to working with some `` incredible talent '' . `` I always said when I retired that I wanted to get back involved and what better way to do it than alongside a couple of my best mates in cricket , Justin Langer and Jason Gillespie , '' added Ponting . Australia will face Sri Lanka in Melbourne on 17 February , Geelong on 20 February 20 and Adelaide on 22 February .	Former captain Ricky Ponting will join Australia as an assistant coach for the Twenty20 series against Sri Lanka .
Martin Lewis , 56 , caused Â£9,000 worth of damage at the Stag pub in Treorchy , Rhondda Cynon Taff . He also caused Â£12,000 in damage at his local Jobcentre days later over delays to benefits payments , Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court was told . Lewis , of Treorchy , was jailed for 18 months after admitting criminal damage . Lewis , who said he had drunk five or six pints , claimed `` everything was a blur '' after he lost his job driving buses in Coventry . The court was told he was sacked by bus company bosses for `` not knowing the roads well enough '' . Regarding the pub attack , prosecutor Rachel Knight said : `` He caused damage to just about everything that was not nailed down . `` The bar manager said it was completely out of the blue . He went outside to call 999 and the rampage continued . He said he did n't know what the defendant was going to do next . '' Judge Christopher Llewellyn-Jones QC : `` You said that you were depressed because of a shortage of money so it is ironic that you were in a pub spending money at that time . ''	A sacked bus driver wrecked a pub by throwing chairs , tables and bottles after erupting into angry rage over losing his job , a court heard .
It is a first crack at a world belt for the 24-year-old , whose 100 % record in 16 pro contests has earned him British and WBC International titles . Haskins , 33 , from Bristol , has twice successfully defended the title he won by beating Ryosuke Iwasa in 2015 . `` I always dreamed of headlining in Belfast . I 'm so excited , '' said Burnett . `` Lee Haskins has been in the game a long time so he has probably been in this situation before . But the Belfast crowd are very passionate for their fighter and will be making plenty of noise for me . `` I 'm still new to this level , but this is definitely the right fight for me at this stage of my career . I know I 'm capable of stepping up . '' Haskins has won 34 and lost three bouts since turning professional in 2003 . Burnett 's last fight was an eight-round points victory over Joseafat Reyes of Mexico in Hull in February .	Unbeaten Belfast boxer Ryan Burnett is to fight champion Lee Haskins for the IBF world bantamweight title at the SSE Arena on 10 June .
Violent clashes and vandalism marred Hibernian 's win over Rangers as thousands spilled onto the Hampden pitch at the final whistle . Mr Bowen CBE QC will establish the commission immediately . And he will provide the Scottish FA with a report into the `` security and risk management procedures '' deployed . The SFA has asked for the report to be presented by 31 July . The SFA 's compliance officer has also initiated an investigation into the scenes at the cup final , from a `` football regulatory perspective '' . A statement from the governing body says the independent commission will consider whether : Rangers said some of their players were assaulted by Hibs supporters during the pitch invasion , while the victorious Edinburgh club has already imposed bans on a number of their supporters .	Edward F Bowen , a former sheriff principal for the Lothian and Borders , will chair the independent commission into the Scottish Cup final disorder .
The 18-year-old was driving on the High Street , towards Dunsville , near Wyndthorpe Hall , when he crashed at about 18:40 GMT on Saturday . He was pronounced dead at the scene . The 13-year-old passenger was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries . Police have appealed for witnesses . Officers said the families of both teenagers were being supported by specialist officers and had asked that `` their privacy be respected at this difficult time '' .	A teenager has died and a 13-year-old boy is in hospital in a critical condition after a car crash in Doncaster .
The law expands the state 's definition of invasion of privacy to include sending a drone over private property to make a recording or take photos . Singer Miley Cyrus filmed a paparazzi drone flying above her home last year . Governor Jerry Brown signed the bill on Tuesday , but has rejected other recently proposed drone regulations . Another bill would have made flying drones over wildfires illegal . Drones have been blamed for interfering with recent fire-fighting efforts as the state has experienced massive wildfires . Governor Brown vetoed the regulations because they would create new crimes and complicate the legal process .	California has put limits on flying drones , in an effort to stop paparazzi photographers from snapping photos of celebrities from afar .
Kensington and Chelsea council said it had given the owner a section 215 notice ordering the stripes ' removal after neighbours complained . The stripes appeared earlier this month after plans to demolish the house and replace it with a new house and two-storey basement were refused . Neighbours said it looked `` hideous '' . The house , in a quiet cul-de-sac , must be repainted by 3 July . The owner has until 5 June to appeal the decision . A council spokesman said : `` The property is situated within the Kensington Square Conservation Area and its condition and appearance has attracted numerous complaints to the council 's planning enforcement team . ''	A woman in Kensington has been told to remove the red and white stripes she had painted on her house in protest over a rejected planning application .
16 December 2016 Last updated at 16:06 GMT This year 's Christmas special looks to be a thrill ride , with the Doctor heading to New York City to stop a band of aliens ' evil plot which puts Earth in serious danger . And he 's not the only one trying to save the world , he 's joined by The Ghost , a superhero who got his powers from the Doctor himself many years before they meet again . Ayshah met up with the Doctor , or Peter Capaldi as he is known in real life , to get the inside scoop on this year 's episode . Check out the video .	Christmas is nearly upon us and with it comes turkey , maybe some sprouts , presents ... and of course the Doctor Who Christmas special !
The individuals had not previously been commemorated by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission ( CWGC ) . It said they may have come home and died of injuries or illnesses from the war and it had not been informed . The CWGC said there were `` still many cases to be resolved '' and the memorial had room for further names to be added . The new memorial to the fallen of World War One was unveiled at the cemetery last year . Most of the names have been inscribed on panels at the CWGC 's workshop in France , but more than 15 have been engraved at the site . The Brookwood 1914-1918 War Memorial commemorates the missing and casualties with no known grave . The majority are servicemen and women from the land forces of the UK . Brookwood Military Cemetery contains 1,601 Commonwealth burials from World War One and 3,476 from World War Two .	The names of 77 men and women killed during World War One are being added to the 1914-1918 War Memorial at Brookwood Military Cemetery in Surrey .
Arran Brew Ltd said the first rooms at the Loch Earn hotel in St Fillans were due to open next week . The fire started in a bathroom extractor fan but did not take hold and was extinguished by Scottish Fire and Rescue . The company said no-one was injured in the incident . Managing director Gerald Michaluk said : `` Just literally a week away from opening our first phase of rooms this is not good news , and extensive damage means that we have had to temporarily close our bars , restaurant and coffee shop . `` We are still assessing the extent of the damage , but it has set back our plans , and realistically it will be 2018 before we can open the accommodation most likely . ''	A brewery 's Perthshire hotel will not open until next year after a fire in a bathroom caused `` considerable '' smoke damage .
Emma Pengelly replaced her party colleague Jimmy Spratt as South Belfast MLA on 28 September after he retired . Mrs Pengelly had previously worked as a special adviser in the Office of the First and deputy First Minister . She has said she will bring a `` great deal of experience '' to her new role in that department . Mrs Pengelly added she was `` really enthusiastic about the opportunity '' . Earlier this month , a DUP spokesman confirmed Mrs Pengelly would receive a five-figure severance payment from her previous job as First Minister Peter Robinson 's special adviser . Asked about that payment on Tuesday , she said she intended to spend a `` considerable amount '' on her constituency work . She said she had neither applied nor asked for the severance payment , and that it would be paid automatically on a statutory basis after she spent almost nine years as a special adviser . Mrs Pengelly has not yet stood for election but said she was an `` incredibly hard worker '' and people should judge her on her actions .	The Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) 's newest MLA has been promoted to the post of junior minister exactly a month after taking her assembly seat .
22 January 2016 Last updated at 22:00 GMT He told BBC economics editor Kamal Ahmed : `` We want to ensure that we pay the right amount of tax . '' He added that Google wanted to focus on investing and hiring more people in the UK . Google has agreed to pay Â£130m in back taxes after an `` open audit '' of its accounts by the tax authorities .	Matt Brittin , the head of Google Europe , says the search and advertising giant will pay tax on UK sales .
The Ivory Coast international could make his debut for Toulouse against Neymar 's Paris St-Germain on Sunday . Former Leeds United player Gradel , 29 , joined the Cherries from French side St Etienne in 2015 and signed a new four-year contract the following year . In April he told BBC Sport he wanted to leave the club for more first-team football . He made just 13 appearances last season - and did not start any Premier League games - though he did feature for his country at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Bournemouth winger Max Gradel has joined French Ligue 1 side Toulouse on loan until the end of the season .
The body of 15-year-old James Lock was found in Hendrefoilan Woods near Olchfa school in Sketty last month . The teenage girl was arrested and admitted sending the message after she had created false email and social networking accounts . Police said offensive posts could cause `` great upset and harm '' . Det Insp Darren George , of Swansea CID , said : `` The comments which circulated on social media caused a lot of distress and we are grateful to the members of the public who contacted us to report their concerns . `` This and other recent cases have demonstrated that we will take action against individuals who use the internet and social media to post grossly offensive comments . `` I would like to take this opportunity to remind people of their responsibilities to keep comments on social media within the law . `` Offensive posts can cause great upset and harm to families who are targeted at very distressing times in their lives . '' An inquest into the death of James , from Dunvant , has been opened and adjourned until September .	A 17-year-old girl who admitted making a `` grossly offensive '' comment on Facebook after a boy 's sudden death in Swansea has been cautioned by police .
Youngs , 28 , will miss the trip to Gloucester on Saturday . The suspension was reduced from two weeks to one in light of his previously clean disciplinary record . Director of rugby Richard Cockerill told BBC Radio Leicester : `` Tom understands he needs to be a little more disciplined in that scenario . ''	Leicester hooker Tom Youngs has been banned for one week for punching Stade Francais ' Rabah Slimani during last weekend 's European Champions Cup match .
The 9ft ( 3m ) deep , 22ft ( 7m ) long hole was caused by heavy rain washing away a drain running under part of Traigh Golf Course , near Mallaig . The club is now having to find money to help it pay the estimated Â£16,000 cost of the repairs needed . The sinkhole has been fenced off and the nine-hole course remains open to members . Traigh , between Arisaig and Mallaig , is known as one of Scotland 's most picturesque courses because of its views to Skye and the Small Isles . The club 's insurance will cover some of the cost of the repairs , but it still expects to have to raise thousands of pounds . About 200 tonnes of sand will be needed to fill the hole near the seventh green .	A large sinkhole has appeared near a green on the UK mainland 's most westerly golf course .
On Sunday , Chelsea play a Manchester United side managed by Hiddink 's fellow Dutchman Louis van Gaal . United have been criticised by shirt sponsors Adidas for their possession-based tactics this season . Hiddink said : `` You must not overrate the amount of possession . Most teams want the ball . What do you do with it ? '' Hiddink added : `` Say we had 65 , 67 and 70 % possession , but our opponents said , 'We do n't care how much possession you have , we have the score on our side ' . `` Do you secure your way of playing ? Or do you go as soon as possible into the attack ? I prefer the latter option . The first thought must be vertical . ''	Chelsea interim manager Guus Hiddink is more concerned about what his team does with the ball than how much possession they have .
It follows the seizure of a quantity of suspected cocaine , suspected herbal cannabis , drug paraphernalia and a mobile phone in Drumavally on Monday . The man has been charged with possession and intent to supply class A and class B drugs . He is due to appear at Limavady Magistrates Court on 14 October .	A 50-year-old man has been charged with a number of offences following a drugs seizure in Magilligan , County Londonderry .
Before that the world 's newest country will send a side to next month 's East and Central Africa Club championship in Dar es Salaam , according to Nicolas Musonye , the secretary general of the regional governing body . `` They have confirmed their participation ; they will send a team called Wau Salaam FC , '' Musonye told BBC sport . `` We are glad to welcome them as our new members and they have also assured us that their national team will participate in this year 's Cecafa Senior Challenge Cup as well . '' South Sudan , which only became a member of football 's world governing body - Fifa - last month , already has its own league . Their national side will be made up of players from both the local league and the one in neighbouring Sudan . This year 's club championship will kick off on 14 July in Dar es Salaam and will be sponsored by Rwanda President Paul Kagame for a 10th year . Under Kagame 's sponsorship , the prize money for the event totals US $ 600,000 .	South Sudan will make its international debut at this year 's East and Central African regional championship , the Cecafa Senior Challenge Cup .
It expects net profit of 525bn yen ( $ 4.4bn ; Â£2.9bn ) for the year to next March , after reporting a 8.9 % decline in profit last year to 523bn yen . It was hit last year by quality issues , delayed vehicle launches and recalls . Honda is also facing tougher competition in the US , as cheaper fuel has boosted demand for larger SUVs . In the January-to-March quarter , the final quarter of the last financial year , net profits fell 43 % to 97.8bn yen . Honda has been facing scrutiny following the recall of millions of vehicles to replace faulty air bag inflators made by parts maker Takata , its biggest air bag supplier . Despite the dent in its sales and image , Honda 's executive vice president Tetsuo Iwamura was optimistic about a pick up in demand later this year . `` We expect our US sales to start recovering from the latter half of this business year with the launch of the new Pilot and Civic , '' he said at a press conference in Tokyo . In February , the carmaker replaced its president Takanobu Ito with another executive - Takahiro Hachigo - among with other management changes .	Japanese carmaker Honda has forecast that profit for the current financial year will rise by just 0.4 % , after results missed expectations last year .
The accident - involving a man thought to be in his 20s who had been working at the side of the road - happened on the B9170 Cuminestown to New Deer road at about 09:20 . The Scottish Ambulance Service and Police Scotland were called to the scene . Police Scotland said : `` Sadly a male has died as a result . '' The road was expected to be shut for some time to allow an accident investigation .	A man has died after being struck by a car in Aberdeenshire .
Needing 312 in their second innings to make Kent bat again , Gloucestershire were bowled out for 243 on day four . Marshall ( 118 ) was the ninth wicket to fall , while no other batsman passed 25 . Kent are now 24 points behind Division Two leaders Essex with three games left to play , while Gloucestershire 's slim hopes of promotion appear to be over .	Hamish Marshall 's third Championship century of the season was not enough to save Gloucestershire from an innings defeat by Kent in Bristol .
Lalmatia Club 's Sujon Mahmud sent down just four legitimate deliveries in the 20 balls he bowled - as well as three no-balls and 13 wides - all of which raced to the boundary , costing his side 80 runs . The four legal deliveries were hit for 12 runs by Axiom opener Mustafizur Rahman - not the Bangladesh Test bowler of the same name - as they completed a 10-wicket win in 0.4 overs . Mahmud was found guilty by the Bangladesh Cricket Board of bringing the game into disrepute . Lalmatia Club were also barred indefinitely from competition , with their coach , captain and manager hit with five-year bans from the Dhaka Second Division . In the 50-over match in question earlier this month , Lalmatia were dismissed for 88 in 14 overs . Club secretary Adnan Rahman said at the time that Mahmud 's actions were part of a protest against poor umpiring in the Dhaka Second Division , and that his team 's captain was not allowed to see the coin after the toss .	A bowler has been banned for 10 years for deliberately losing a club match in Bangladesh after conceding 92 runs in four balls in a protest against umpiring decisions .
Mashboor Hussain , 73 , died at his home in Selkirk Road on 11 February 2014 . Pathologists said although Mr Hussain had coronary heart disease , his collapse was likely caused by the disturbance at home and his death is being treated as murder . Officers will be on his road today . Det Ch Insp Graeme Gwyn said : `` I believe there are still people who have yet to speak to us and would urge them to contact us . `` Mr Hussain 's family naturally remain devastated by his death and desperate to see those responsible for his murder brought to justice . '' At around 11:45 GMT , Mr Hussain opened his front door and was confronted by two men , one armed with a gun . They forced their way into his house and got into a scuffle with him in the hall . The two men ran off with a red Nike show box containing cash and other belongings , such as a mobile phone . Both suspects were wearing hooded tops and one is described as slim and wearing black gloves . Mr Hussain 's daughter was in his house at the time of the incident .	A £20,000 reward has been offered for anyone who can help find the killers of a pensioner who died after a scuffle with burglars in Tooting last year .
The 27-year-old has not played a game this season , with his efforts to return from a broken ankle suffered in last term 's semi-final defeat by Bath hampered by a foot problem . Morris has scored 18 tries in 75 games since joining from Leinster in 2011 . `` He 's out of contract at the end of the season and he will move on , '' director of rugby Richard Cockerill said . `` He 's had injuries and we have recruited in the back three , so there is no room at the table . `` Niall will make a full recovery from his injury and I 'm sure he will find another club to play for . `` He 's been good for the club , a great player and we wish him well . '' While Morris , fellow versatile back Niki Goneva and Argentina wing Gonzalo Camacho are to leave Welford Road , South Africa international JP Pietersen and Sales ' Tom Brady are joining the Tigers for the 2016-17 season .	Injury-plagued back Niall Morris will leave Leicester Tigers at the end of the season .
The 20-year-old has yet to make an appearance for the first team since joining from Bedford Town in September . He has previously spent time at Fulham , Barnet and Farnborough and was a regular for Colchester 's under-21 side this season . Dillon joins midfielder Jack Curtis and winger Drey Wright in agreeing a new deal with John McGreal 's squad .	Colchester United goalkeeper Dillon Barnes has signed a three-year contract with the relegated League One club .
They were in the country ahead of the presidential elections on 8 April . After interviewing the foreign minister and an opposition candidate , they were detained by plain clothes security officials and questioned for eight hours before being put on a plane . There has not yet been a response from the Djibouti government . The reporting team , including BBC 's Africa Security Correspondent Tomi Oladipo , had been granted media accreditation and advised by the government director of communications that they had the necessary authorisation to proceed with their work . Having been held overnight , without means of communication , they were put on a plane out of the country on Saturday morning without any reason being given . Press freedom organisation Reporters Without Borders says Djibouti has a poor record when dealing with journalists . The organisation ranked Djibouti near the bottom of its World Press Freedom Index , at 170 out of 180 countries . President Ismail Omar Guelleh is running for a fourth term as president on Friday . He won a disputed election in 2011 with almost 70 % of the vote . The East African nation has a population of only about 800,000 people , but is strategically important . The country is home to US and French military bases .	The BBC has written to the government of Djibouti to ask why a reporting team was detained for 16 hours and then expelled without explanation .
Lee Hollender , 39 , smashed a Boots store window in Prestatyn , Denbighshire , before filling the bin . He was caught after leaving blood at the scene on 28 August . Hollender , from Birmingham , previously admitted burglary but an arrest warrant was issued on Thursday when he failed to turn up at Caernarfon Crown Court for sentencing .	A thief who stole £9,000 worth of perfume by loading it into a wheelie bin is wanted by police .
Sussex Police said a man from Shrewsbury was being held over allegations of rape and sexual assault on a teenage girl in West Sussex . The alleged incidents are said to have occurred in the late 1980s and early 1990s . A 65-year-old man was also arrested in North Yorkshire over the case . A letter has been sent home to parents of pupils at the school informing them of the man 's suspension . In a statement the school - whose former pupils include Charles Darwin , Michael Palin and John Peel - said it was fully co-operating with the police investigation . `` At present , there is no indication that the investigation involves any activity during the individual 's employment at Shrewsbury School and there is no suggestion that pupils at the school have been put at risk or harmed in any way , '' it said . `` Nevertheless , the school is committed to taking all necessary measures to protect pupil welfare and is taking a number of steps to support pupils who may be concerned and to minimise any disruption caused by the suspension . '' A spokesman for Sussex Police , which is leading the investigation , said its enquiries were ongoing .	A member of staff at Shrewsbury School has been suspended after being arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences , the school confirmed .
Lallana , who scored a brace in last month 's 4-1 win over Swansea , started a sixth successive match against Leicester City on New Year 's Day but was forced off after 55 minutes . The 26-year-old is out of Monday 's FA Cup third-round tie at AFC Wimbledon . He also misses both legs of the League Cup semi-final with Chelsea and league games with Sunderland and Aston Villa .	Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana is facing up to a month on the sidelines with a damaged calf muscle .
George Osborne , together with the former Labour Chancellor Alistair Darling , vows today that the hit to the economy would be so great if we vote to leave the EU that he 'd hold a Budget with cuts and tax rises almost immediately . But in retaliation , in a direct challenge to George Osborne 's authority , 57 Tory MPs , including former cabinet ministers , have issued a statement , incredulous at the chancellor 's behaviour - saying it is absurd to make a political promise to punish voters in this way - to break Conservative manifesto promises . Most seriously for a government with a tiny majority , they say they would vote to block such a Budget , making Mr Osborne 's position untenable . As the chancellor threatens drastic action - so too , by suggesting an open coup against him , his internal opponents threaten him . Whatever you decide a week tomorrow , the governing party may be changed for good .	The most drastic warning yet in a campaign laced with fear , has met its most drastic response .
Assistant manager Chris Todd has been placed in charge of first-team affairs ahead of Saturday 's league match away against Wrexham . Hill leaves the club 11th in the league table , and without a win in five games , having reached the play-offs by finishing fourth last season . In a statement , the club said it had `` regrettably accepted his resignation '' . Eastleigh lost 5-2 at home against Dover on Tuesday , their second home defeat in a row and their fourth in the last five games . Former Watford , Oxford United and Northampton Town striker Hill met with chairman Stewart Donald and discussed how he felt the club would `` benefit from a fresh outlook '' . After taking charge of the Spitfires in September 2012 , Hill guided the club to the Conference South title the following season . They fell just short of promotion to the Football League last season when they were beaten by Grimsby in the play-off semi-finals .	Richard Hill has resigned as manager of National League side Eastleigh with immediate effect .
Northern rail confirmed `` an incident took place at Preston station shortly before 15:00 GMT and `` a very small number of people have been injured '' . Mark Ormerod , who was standing on a platform opposite , said the train `` did n't seem to slow enough '' and made `` a very loud bang '' as it hit . `` A full investigation will be carried out , '' a Northern spokeswoman said . Mr Ormerod , 19 , from Preston , said the 14.47 GMT train from York was pulling into platform 3C . `` I was looking as I could tell it was going to hit ... I could n't see the passengers but saw the driver did jump when the train collided '' , he said . `` One passenger limped off and one was holding her broken glasses '' , he added . British Transport Police said some passengers `` had received minor injuries and were seen to by paramedics [ from ] the local ambulance service . '' The Rail Accident Investigation Branch `` will be carrying out preliminary examinations , '' a spokeswoman added .	Up to six people were hurt when a train hit a buffer at Preston railway station .
David Miller , 56 , died at his house on Patterdale Walk , Northampton , in the early hours of Tuesday morning . Zena Kane , 35 , Ian Cuthbertson , 49 , and 37-year-old Michael Hallett , all of no fixed address , have appeared at Northampton Magistrates ' Court and will appear at Northampton Crown Court on Friday . Three others are being questioned .	Three people have been charged with with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
The reported shots were heard in the basement of Building 26 of Naval Medical Center in San Diego , California . First responders and Navy units are on the scene clearing the building , which houses injured soldiers , the Navy confirmed in a statement . The hospital 's Facebook page warned of a possible active shooter situation . The message advised people in the area to `` run , hide or fight '' . There have been no reports of injuries , and an initial sweep of the building shows no evidence of a shooting . Naval dogs are doing a second search . The hospital complex is on lockdown and those inside have been ordered to `` shelter in place '' , the Navy said . With over 6,500 personnel , the hospital serves wounded soldiers and serves as a training facility for nursing schools in the area . All personnel have been asked to stay away from the building . Local and military law enforcement and highway patrol are on the scene .	A witness reported hearing three gun shots at a California naval hospital , prompting a large response from police .
These include more public surveillance and increased scope to use the army . Any request from the government would have to be approved by MPs and the new powers could be used for up to 15 days . Critics said there was no justification for the constitutional change and opposition politicians have warned that the powers could be misused . The BBC 's Nick Thorpe in Budapest says the amendment - the sixth to Hungary 's five-year-old constitution - is a watered down version of an earlier draft , which opposition parties opposed unanimously . The governing right-wing Fidesz party had sought additional powers including the ability to inspect bank accounts , but this was rejected . The new version passed with the necessary two-thirds majority thanks to support from the far-right Jobbik party . However , other opposition groups and rights organisations including the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union and Amnesty International criticised the amendment , saying existing laws were sufficient and the government could not be trusted not to abuse its new powers . The move to increase government powers came in the wake of the Brussels terror attacks , which Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said `` should be considered as an attack on Hungary as well '' .	Hungary 's parliament has granted the government the right to seek temporary extra powers if it believes the country faces a heightened terrorist threat .
Media playback is not supported on this device She is the second Welsh woman to seal gold in Switzerland after Olympic champion Jade Jones won on Friday . Williams , 17 , was fighting in just her second competition of 2016 following two major ankle operations . `` I did n't expect a medal , let alone gold , '' said the Blackwood fighter and 2014 world junior champion . `` I ca n't even explain it , I 'm just overwhelmed . `` I 've just come back from injury so it 's my second competition [ and ] to win a major it 's insane , I ca n't explain it . '' It was a dramatic afternoon for the youngster who beat Ukraine 's Tetiana Tetereviatnykova 11-10 on golden point in the quarter-final , before edging out Croatia 's Matea Jelic 13-12 in the last four . Williams made her return to competitive action in April 's President 's Cup after having two ankle reconstruction operations in the last two years . She has not qualified for the Rio Olympics , but is targeting success at the Tokyo Olympics in 2020 .	Lauren Williams has won 67kg gold in her first senior major final after beating Turkey 's Nur Tatar 4-3 in the European Taekwondo Championships .
Four people died after the helicopter plunged into the sea on 14 March . Cpt Dara Fitzpatrick died after she was rescued from the sea . Captain Mark Duffy 's body was recovered at the weekend . A search for the bodies of winch operator Paul Ormsby and winch man Ciaran Smith continues . The search for the missing crew is entering its 13th day . Weather and sea conditions on the west coast have made the operation very challenging for divers . The helicopter wreckage was found a short distance from Blackrock island , about 10 kms ( 6.2 miles ) off the coastline , at a depth of about 40m . On Friday , the black box recorder from the rescue helicopter was recovered . R116 lost contact with the Irish coastguard at about 01:00 on 14 March , as it made its final approach to Blacksod refuelling depot . The crew had been providing communications support to another coastguard helicopter that had been deployed to take an injured fisherman to hospital . The wreckage of R116 was pinpointed after search teams deployed a remotely-operated vehicle ( ROV ) , fitted with an underwater camera .	Divers are working to recover the wreckage of crashed Irish Coastguard helicopter R116 from the sea bed off the Mayo coast in the Republic of Ireland .
Konta won 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 6-1 and could play her second-round match with Belgian Yanina Wickmayer later on Thursday . World number 49 Wickmayer beat former world number one Caroline Wozniacki 6-4 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-2 earlier in the day . Konta , 25 , is due back on centre court after fellow Briton Heather Watson 's match with Czech Barbora Strycova . Two-time Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova went out to Latvian Jelena Ostapenko 6-4 4-6 6-3 . Czech fifth seed Kvitova , 26 , is the world number 11 but was beaten by a player ranked 27 places below her . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	British number one Johanna Konta beat Japan 's Misaki Doi in straight sets to reach the second round of the Aegon Classic in Birmingham .
South Wales Police said the incident happened on Margaret Street in Pontypridd at about 18:10 BST on Tuesday . The child , who was a pedestrian , has been airlifted to hospital but the injuries are unknown . Police said the male was riding the quad bike and is in police custody .	A male has been arrested after a child was involved in a collision with a quad bike in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
People have been urged to help contain the spread of the virus at the Conquest Hospital in Hastings by not visiting friends or relatives in hospital if they have symptoms of the vomiting bug . Tina Lloyd , assistant director of infection prevention and control , said stringent measures had been brought in . The affected wards are Newington , Baird and MacDonald . Ms Lloyd said East Sussex Healthcare NHS trust would prefer that people did not visit the affected wards , but she said if their visit was essential they should restrict the time of the visit and wash hands before and afterwards . She urged people to follow good hygiene measures .	Three wards at a Sussex hospital have been closed to new admissions following an outbreak of norovirus .
25 November 2015 Last updated at 12:27 GMT Scientists have found out that there are two different ways that they can pop . It all depends on whether the balloon is popped with something sharp or or filled with too much air . They found that if the balloon is popped by something sharp , it splits into two pieces . If it 's filled with too much air , it shatters into lots of tiny pieces . Watch these balloons popping in super slow motion and see if you can spot the difference	Have you ever wondered what happens when you pop a balloon ?
The man was pulled over in Devonshire Place , Eastbourne at about 20:00 GMT on Monday , but as an officer approached him he drove off , police said . The BMW car he was driving was found soon after in nearby Paradise Drive . The driver , 31 , who was the only person in the vehicle , was pronounced dead at the scene . The Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating . No other vehicles were involved in the crash , Sussex Police said . A spokesman said the officers on patrol had not pursued the car after it was driven off and it was not seen again until an area search discovered it had crashed . Paradise Drive was closed for seven hours following the crash . Sussex Police 's professional standards department is also investigating .	A motorist has died in a crash , minutes after driving off when he was stopped by a Sussex Police patrol .
Samuel Frost , 27 , of Chiltern Crescent , Worthing , died following a crash on Offington Avenue on 13 June . A 31-year-old man from the town , arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving , remains on police bail . Three other men initially held are no longer being treated as suspects , police said . All four men were in the van when it crashed at 01:00 BST on Saturday . Police said the red Vauxhall Movano left the road and struck a tree near the junction with Warren Gardens . Anyone who saw what happened has been urged to contact police .	A man who died in a collision in Worthing has been named by police .
Mr Neville died in Australia , after being taken ill on a visit to support his daughter Tracey , who is England netball head coach , during the World Cup . The 65-year-old was a former commercial director of Bury Football Club . His funeral service will be held in Bury , followed by a private burial . Mr Neville was involved in the fans ' group Save Our Shakers , which was formed when the side faced bankruptcy in 2002 . His sons both started their lengthy football careers with Manchester United in the early 1990s . Gary won 85 England caps , while Phil won 59 . An emotional Tracey Neville led her England side out on court hours after it emerged her father had been taken ill. She said it was the right decision to stay , as her father would not have expected her to `` bail out '' of a tournament .	The funeral is due to take place later of Neville Neville , father of former England and Manchester United footballers Gary and Phil .
Toilets at Ardmillan , Canaan Lane , Canonmills , Currie , Granton Square , Joppa , Juniper Green , London Road , St John 's Road and Tollcross will be sold over the next few months . Council officials said the toilets could be converted into cafes . There are now 19 public toilets in the city and more than 60 publicly-accessible toilets in council premises . Lesley Hinds , Edinburgh City Council 's transport and environment convener , said : `` We can confirm that we have recently closed several public toilet buildings and these will be put on the open market in the next couple of months . ''	Ten public toilets in Edinburgh that were closed to save the council £300,000 are to be sold .
The result of the non-binding vote at the Oxford Union was 245 votes for the motion and 212 against . The debate follows the Rhodes Must Fall campaign , which started at South Africa 's University of Cape Town . Oriel College is consulting on the statue 's future and has decided to remove a plaque to the mining magnate . During the debate speakers and students described Rhodes as a racist , with one speaker comparing him to Adolph Hitler . But others questioned where the campaign could lead and asked if statues of Winston Churchill and Oliver Cromwell would be next in line . The question voted on after the panel debate was : `` Must Rhodes fall ? '' Campaigners have called for the prominent statue to be placed in a museum . But interviewed on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme , the university 's chancellor Lord Patten said students with such views `` should think about being educated elsewhereâ€	Students at Oxford University have voted in favour of removing the statue of 19th century colonialist Sir Cecil Rhodes from Oriel College .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is looking to compile a package of at least 20 trillion yen ( $ 186bn ; Â£141bn ) according to the Kyodo News agency . The world 's third-largest economy is still trying to emerge from deflation . Both the benchmark Nikkei 225 closed trading 0.8 % higher at 16,810.22 . In the currency market , the Japanese yen fell to a six-week low against the US dollar . Over in Australia , the S & P/ASX 200 finished 0.4 % up at 5,512.40 points . South Korea 's Kospi wrapped the day flat at 2,012.22 points . In China , Hong Kong 's Hang Seng gained 0.5 % to close at 22,000.49 while the mainland Shanghai Composite ended 0.4 % higher at 3,039.01 .	Japanese stocks have risen on bets the government will unveil a stimulus package that could be double the size initially expected .
The men - believed to be in their 30s - were reported overdue after visiting Loch Muick . Four mountain rescue teams and a coastguard helicopter were sent to the area . The men were traced at about 04:30 , and are being walked to safety . Rescue teams from Braemar , Aberdeen , Tayside and Police Scotland had been joined by a Coastguard helicopter . But the helicopter was forced to return to base in Inverness by high winds and poor visibility caused by driving snow . Conditions on the ground were also described as `` challenging '' , with visibility said to be down to 10 metres . Police Scotland mountain rescue team leader , Insp Matt Smith , told BBC Scotland : `` They were probably not as well-equipped as they might have been . '' He said it was `` full winter up there '' . Braemar Mountain Rescue team tweeted : `` Overnight CALLOUT to rescue 2 males from near Broad Cairn . Incredible team effort in very challenging conditions . @ AberdeenMRT @ TaysideMRT `` Small reminder if heading out into the mountains , please be prepared and have the relevant skill base . ''	Two hillwalkers missing overnight in the Cairngorms have been traced following a major search .
UCD 's Colm Basquel netted twice inside the opening five minutes in Mayo but St Mary 's fought back , scoring nine points without reply to lead at half-time . The Dublin students pressed strongly in the second half but were guilty of a series of costly wides . St Mary 's kept their noses in front to win the competition for the first time since their sole 1989 success . Oisin O'Neill 4 , Conall McCann 2 , Kieran McGeary 2 , Cathal McShane 2 , Conor Meyler , Ciaran Corrigan and Corey Quinn got the scores for the Belfast college .	Belfast College St Mary 's beat holders UCD by a point to lift the Sigerson Cup for only the second time .
16 October 2014 Last updated at 06:43 BST Experts at Sutton Coldfield sewage plant have developed a new way to treat waste and turn it into a useful energy . The sewage plant uses big `` digesters '' that work a bit like a cow 's stomach . They heat the waste and add certain chemicals to make a gas called methane , which can be used to power your home . It 's hoped that if the plan proves successful , other sewage plants across the UK will do the same . What a whiffy wonder !	A sewage treatment plant near Birmingham has become the first place in the UK to use poo to heat homes .
The college is to become a school of fine art with `` inspirational and truly world class teaching and learning spaces '' . The work at the former Stow College is part of a Â£80m campus development project being undertaken by GSA . It is scheduled to be completed in time for it be in use in the academic year 2018/19 . The design is the work of BDP architects . GSA director Prof Tom Inns said : `` The Stow Building has been a distinctive part of Glasgow 's educational landscape for over 80 years . `` BDP 's design harnesses the full potential of the original 1930s building , with the new roof extension , while carefully considered to meet the very specific needs of fine art internally , plays tribute to Glasgow 's industrial heritage externally . '' BDP Scotland chairman and architect principal Scott Mackenzie added : `` BDP is delighted to be part of the GTMS team working with the Glasgow School of Art to rejuvenate the former Stow College building as a School of Fine Art . `` This project not only brings new life to a cherished Glasgow landmark , but also provides the School of Fine Art with inspirational and truly world class teaching and learning spaces . ''	The Glasgow School of Art ( GSA ) has released details of how the former Stow College building will be converted .
US firm Reynolds American 's takeover of rival Lorillard was cleared by regulators on Tuesday , on condition that the firms sells the Winston , Kool , Salem and Maverick brands . Imperial Tobacco is set to buy the brands , and its shares rose 2.4 % . The FTSE 100 index was up 32.56 points at 6,981.55 . Shares in British Airways owner IAG rose 1.6 % as the airline group closed in on a takeover of Irish carrier Aer Lingus . On Tuesday , the Irish government agreed to sell its 25 % stake in Aer Lingus to IAG , removing a major hurdle to the deal . In the FTSE 250 , shares in De La Rue dived 8.8 % after the banknote printer reported a drop in profits and slashed its dividend . Underlying operating profit for the year to 28 March fell to £69.5m from £89.3m a year earlier , and the banknote printer cut its dividend by 40 % . On the currency markets , the pound rose 0.19 % against the dollar to $ 1.5414 , but fell 0.09 % against the euro to €1.4130 .	( Open ) : Shares in Imperial Tobacco led the FTSE 100 higher after the firm moved closer to the purchase of four cigarette brands .
The three men managed to scramble to the safety of the rocks before their boat was overcome by waves on Saturday . Coleraine Coastguard led the men off the rocks , while a crew from Portrush RNLI towed the half-submerged boat into the harbour . Rescuers said the boat had suffered mechanical failure and had `` lost the ability to manoeuvre '' . The incident happened near Ramore Head at about 18:30 BST . Coastguards issued the men with general safety advice , including calling the coastguard as early as possible , making sure life-saving equipment is on board and checking the weather before setting out .	Three anglers had a `` lucky escape '' after their boat got into difficulties off Portrush , Country Antrim .
The man was photographed on a collision course with Red Jet 4 as it passed Fawley oil refinery , near Southampton , at lunchtime . Coastguards described the crash as a `` glancing blow '' and said the man - who was uninjured - was picked up by a companion on another machine . The catamaran , the 12:15 GMT from Southampton to Cowes , was undamaged . The overturned water craft was also recovered by a passing vessel . The incident was captured on camera by Richard Bache , from Sandown , who was on board a Red Funnel car ferry to the Isle of Wight . Coastguards said , after the collision , the Red Funnel vessel turned around to ensure the man had been rescued before continuing its journey . A report is being prepared for the Marine Accident Investigation Branch .	A man on a water scooter escaped injury after ploughing into a high-speed ferry in Southampton Water .
The arrests were made after 30 officers raided more than 25 addresses across the region on Monday . Eight men and one woman are being questioned on suspicion of a range of offences , including domestic violence , drug dealing , robbery and assault . The cash was seized from a property in West Derby , Liverpool . Ch Insp Chris Gibson , of Merseyside Police , said : `` This arrest day was held to locate and detain offenders who are more elusive . `` It has come as a result of lengthy investigations by Merseyside Police and other forces . `` It is extremely pleasing to be able to arrest nine people who we suspect are involved in crime . ''	About £2m in cash has been seized and nine people arrested as part of an operation targeting Merseyside 's `` more elusive '' suspected criminals .
Pope Francis canonised Roman Catholic convert Mary Elizabeth Hesselblad at a ceremony in St Peter 's Square on Sunday . Ms Hesselblad hid Jewish families in the convent in Rome where she was the mother superior . The Pope also canonised Polish monk Stanislaus Papczynski for supporting the poor in the 17th Century . He founded the first men 's religious order dedicated to the Virgin Mary 's immaculate conception . How does someone become a saint ? Ms Hesselblad , a Lutheran who converted to Catholicism , is only the second Swede to become a saint , following Saint Bridget 625 years ago . A former nurse , she is credited with saving at least 12 Jews during the war , concealing families inside her Rome convent for about six months before the war ended . She also won praise for promoting better relations between Catholics and non-Catholics and for encouraging both Christians and non-Christians towards the church . Israel 's Yad Vashem Holocaust remembrance centre honoured her as one of the Righteous Among the Nations in 2004 , an award given to non-Jews who helped Jews during the Holocaust . Mary Elizabeth Hesselblad died in Rome in 1957 , aged 87 .	A nun who saved Jewish families during World War Two has been made the first Swedish saint in more than 600 years .
Hendrie joined the Hammers from Hamilton for an undisclosed fee in July 2015 , having made 117 appearances for the Scottish club . The 21-year-old , who has won three caps for Scotland 's under-21 squad , has yet to feature for West Ham 's senior team . Hendrie could make his debut for the Shrimpers when they visit Peterborough United on Saturday . `` I spoke to his former manager , Alex Neil , to ask about the type character we 're bringing in , '' manager Phil Brown told the club website . `` He says he 's a solid character , reliable , got bags of energy and probably his biggest asset will be his legs , as he can run all day . `` He brings a lovely left foot to the party , as Ben Coker does , so he 's got a great opportunity to get his career going in England at Southend United . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Southend United have signed West Ham left-back Stephen Hendrie on a one-month loan deal .
The Arbroath resident , who is in her 60s , was reported missing by her family on Thursday afternoon . Lifeboats from Arbroath , coastguard crews from Montrose , Carnoustie and St Andrews , a search and rescue helicopter from RAF Kinloss and the police have all taken part in the search . The operation has focused on the area around the cliffs near Arbroath .	A major multi-agency search has resumed along the Angus coastline for a missing woman .
Under the proposals , Leicester Central and Kibworth fire stations would close to make up a shortfall of Â£3m . Eleven fire engines would also go and be replaced by three tactical response vehicles . The Fire Brigades Union said the closures would have serious safety implications for the public . However , Nick Rushton , who chairs the county 's combined fire authority , said : `` We need to change from a fire service to a rescue service and we have got to balance the budget . `` You ca n't have a medium-term financial strategy with a hole of two-and-a-half to three million in it at the end . '' Graham Vaux , head of the local Fire Brigades Union , said : `` We 've rescued people through the history of the fire service ... it 's nonsense talk to justify devastating cuts to the fire service . `` The public [ should be ] worried about their safety because the firefighters - they 're the experts - are all terrified at these cuts and what it means to the public . '' An estimated 88 jobs could also go , mainly from retained fire service staff .	Leicestershire Fire and Rescue has announced plans to close two fire stations and make about 90 redundancies in a bid to save money .
Archaeologists from National Museums Scotland and the University of Aberdeen 's Northern Picts project made the find at an undisclosed spot . It contains more than 100 pieces . The discovery has been hailed as the most northern of its kind in Europe . and will now be researched and catalogued . Elements of the hoard will be on display for the first time at the University of Aberdeen from 20 January to 31 May .	An `` important '' hoard of Roman and Pictish silver , coins and jewellery has been discovered in a field in Aberdeenshire .
Flights from the island to five UK destinations were cancelled earlier in March , after the `` virtual airline '' Citywing went into liquidation . Eastern Airways will operate the new service having already taken over two services to Belfast and Newcastle . Isle of Man Airport 's Director of Ports Ann Reynolds said the renewed link was `` very important '' . A spokesman for the airline said the company 's priority had been `` to protect vital routes to Belfast City and Newcastle '' , but they were now `` in a position to link the island with Glasgow again '' . He said daily flights between Ronaldsway and Glasgow will begin on 2 May .	Direct flights between the Isle of Man and Scotland will resume in May , it has been announced .
Sir Anthony Hart chaired the Historical Institutional Abuse ( HIA ) Inquiry which gave its report to Stormont in January . Stormont 's government collapsed later that month before any action was taken . Sir Anthony has written to Secretary of State James Brokenshire urging him and Stormont party leaders to implement the recommendations as a matter of urgency . The inquiry recommended that a tax-free compensation payment should be made to all survivors of institutional child abuse , with lump sums ranging from Â£7,500 to Â£100,000 . The panel , led by Sir Anthony , had been tasked with investigating allegations of abuse and neglect in children 's residential home , run by religious , charitable and state organisations . Its remit covered a 73-year-period from 1922 to 1995 . The panel found that there had been `` widespread abuse '' and mistreatment of young residents . The inquiry 's findings were to be brought before the Northern Ireland Assembly but progress stalled because of the collapse of the devolved institutions . Sir Anthony has written to Mr Brokenshire to notify him that the HIA inquiry has `` fulfilled its terms of reference , and as a result has now officially come to an end '' .	The chair of a major inquiry into child abuse in Northern Ireland has repeated his plea to politicians to act on his recommendations to compensate victims .
The 28-year-old Spaniard has signed a three-year deal and joins fellow new defenders Jordan Amavi and Micah Richards at Villa Park . He made 29 appearances for Cordoba in 2014-15 as they went down from La Liga . Villa manager Tim Sherwood said : `` He is an experienced player who has played in La Liga and Serie A , two of the strongest leagues in Europe . '' Villa have also signed goalkeeper Mark Bunn , forwards Scott Sinclair and Jordan Ayew and midfielder Idrissa Gueye this summer . However Villa - who narrowly avoided relegation by finishing 17th last season - have lost key players in striker Christian Benteke and midfielder Fabian Delph . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Aston Villa have made Cordoba defender Jose Angel Crespo their seventh signing of the summer for an undisclosed fee .
Umpires Paul Baldwin and Steve O'Shaughnessy opted to call the day off at 18:30 BST , just before the second interval of the day-night match . Luke Wright struck 118 on the opening day as Sussex declared on 358-9 , before the visitors reached 31-0 at stumps . Sussex are third in the table , while Gloucestershire are seventh .	No play was possible on the second day of Sussex 's Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Hove because of persistent rain .
Four men entered her house on Queen 's Avenue in Magherafelt , at about 19:30 BST on Friday . Two men ransacked her home while the other two remained with her in her bedroom . They left with her wedding ring and other items of jewellery . Det Sgt David Halliwell said the burglary had been `` loathsome '' . `` Any crime in which older people are the victims is despicable but taking a treasured wedding band from the hand of an elderly lady is a particularly loathsome act , '' he said . `` We believe the males involved in this incident were aged in their late teens and were wearing knitted hats with scarves around their faces . '' Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them .	A woman in her 80s has had her wedding ring taken from her hand during an aggravated burglary at her home in County Londonderry , police have said .
The Dulais Valley practice in Seven Sisters will lose two of four doctors . As a result the Coelbren branch clinic is closed to GP appointments this week , and faces further future restrictions . Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board said it was not possible to maintain the level of local service . Lindsay Davies , head of primary care and planning , said : `` Like many other local practices , the partnership will shortly introduce a call management and telephone consultation system . `` This will help them manage demand more appropriately , particularly if they are successful in recruiting alternative clinical staff . ''	Talks to try and maintain high-quality GP services in Neath Port Talbot have been taking place , amid concerns the health board there will struggle to replace departing doctors .
BBC Sport looks back at some of the key quotes from an eventful Premier League campaign . This content will not work on your device , please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser	After a season of controversy , new faces , new signings , sackings , glory and despair , how well do you remember who said what ?
It runs until Sunday on the Crichton Campus with more than 70 different acts expected to perform . Local headliners are Zoe Bestel and Claire Hastings while musicians from around the world are also involved in the festival . Organisers said ticket sales already achieved would guarantee even bigger audiences than at last year 's inaugural event . Festival director Linda Butterworth said : `` We are proud to show that Dumfries can represent Scotland with this top quality international event . `` News of our success has spread around the world . `` We put the success down to lots of factors - brilliant venue , great programme , amazing volunteers , meticulous organisation and carefully selected international , national and local acts of the highest quality . '' She said they hoped they had created `` something special '' this year . `` You do n't have to play the ukulele to enjoy the festival but if you do come be prepared to be won over by the fantastic atmosphere and leave clutching a brand-new ukulele and a list of new friends , '' she added .	The second Ukulele Festival of Scotland is getting under way in Dumfries .
Warrington-based Your Housing Group ( YHG ) will work with WElink Group to develop modular housing . The venture , which also involves finance from China National Building Material Company , includes building six factories across the UK . The government said last year it wanted to build a million homes by 2020 . YHG and the renewable energy specialist WElink are exploring potential factory sites across England , Scotland and South Wales . The venture will give a `` significant kick-start '' to delivering the new homes people need across the UK , a spokesman said , adding that the developments will be low carbon and energy efficient . He said the houses would have solar panels , be at least 75 % off-grid and will be built using `` local supply chains and locally-sourced material and skills '' where possible . International Trade Minister Greg Hands said the announcement `` has the potential to benefit local communities across the country , creating jobs , boosting local economies and creating homes '' .	A housing association has signed a £2.5bn deal to create 25,000 solar-powered `` flatpack '' houses and up to 1,000 jobs .
It is believed the turtle was blown off course , swapping the warmth of the Gulf Stream for the colder waters of the North Atlantic , off Donegal . Staff at the aquarium have named him Columba . It has been 20 years since the aquarium has cared for a loggerhead turtle . Tanya Singleton , who works at Exploris , says Columba 's body temperature had dropped significantly , due to the length of time he had spent in cold waters . `` The most important thing once we got Columba in , was to get his body temperature raised , the core temperature , so we have to do that really gradually , '' she says . `` That 's really all we 're doing for him at the minute . `` He has also had antibiotics from the vets , so we 're hoping there are no underlying issues . '' So , will Columba make a speedy recovery and come out of his shell ever again ? `` We hope it 's just the cold he has n't liked , but obviously time will tell , '' said Tanya .	A loggerhead turtle that washed up on a County Donegal beach is being treated for hypothermia at Exploris Aquarium in Portaferry , County Down .
Coronel , 25 , can play at centre or wing and had been playing for top-tier Italian side Lazio . Taylor , 21 , played for Redruth last season and had been on trial with Championship side Pirates . `` He 's done a really good job for Redruth and has ambitions to progress further , '' said coach Gavin Cattle . On Coronel , Cattle added : `` He should certainly bring a bit of physicality to the squad , and being so versatile will add another dimension to our game . ''	Cornish Pirates have signed Argentina sevens player Nicolas Coronel and Scotland-born Australian Angus Taylor on one-year contracts .
Deposits of the yellowish or white waxy substance have been found on beaches from Thanet to Worthing . Palm oil is not harmful to humans but can be fatal for pets , particularly dogs , if ingested . Adur and Worthing council said the palm oil spill stretched eastwards from Splash Point . It tweeted that its cleansing and foreshore teams were testing the substance to see if it was palm oil and in the meantime strongly advised dog walkers and beach users to keep away from it . Shepway council said it was informed about the substance on Sunday and had put up signs in the affected areas in Folkestone . The substance was being tested by the Environment Agency , it said . Thanet council said all its beaches were affected and warning signs had been erected from Minnis Bay to Pegwell Bay . `` Council officers are currently inspecting Thanet 's coastline and cleansing teams have been mobilised to clear the deposits , '' it said .	Dog owners have been warned to keep their pets on leads after a substance believed to be palm oil washed up on beaches in Kent and Sussex .
Mr O'Neill coined the term 'BRICs ' [ Brazil , Russia , India , China ] to refer to developing economies . Chancellor George Osborne tweeted that the retiring Goldman Sachs Asset Management chairman is to become the Commercial Secretary at the Treasury . Mr Osborne chose Mr O'Neill to `` make devolution and the Northern Powerhouse happen '' . English cities will get powers on housing , transport , planning and policing under Mr Osborne 's plans . Greater Manchester - which will take on the powers when electing a mayor in two years - should become a blueprint for other large cities , he said . A Cities Devolution Bill will be in the Queen 's Speech later this month . Mr O'Neill is chairman of the RSA City Growth Commission , which claimed the economy has seen 5 % less growth per year between 2000 and 2010 as a result of `` chronic '' underinvestment outside London . It urged an overhaul of transport , housing and broadband provision and more house building . Mr O'Neill also recently headed a UK government-appointed review team calling for global antibiotic research .	Former Goldman Sachs economist Jim O'Neill is to become a key figure in the UK Treasury .
16 February 2017 Last updated at 10:00 GMT Here , author and academic Tariq Ramadan argues there is an `` intellectual revolution '' taking place within Islam . This is a response to Graeme Wood 's Viewsnight : The rise of Islamic State is the Modern Reformation . For more Viewsnight , head over to BBC Newsnight on Facebook and on YouTube	Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight 's new place for ideas and opinion .
The charges follow an incident in Cardiff 's 1-1 draw at Ipswich when the Ivory Coast international was sent-off . `` We 're going to ask for a personal hearing I think that 'll be done today , '' said manager Neil Warnock . The 31-year-old has already received a two-game ban for his red card but could face more matches on the sidelines . Bamba confronted the referee , fourth official and Neil Warnock as he reacted angrily to a Jonathan Douglas tackle . The player and the club have until 18:00 GMT on Friday to respond to the charge . Warnock accepts that the player 's action were unacceptable , but feels there are areas of the FA report which the club could contest `` We spoke to Sol yesterday [ Thursday ] and we looked at all the videos that the league have sent us and whilst we agree his conduct was n't right we do have certain discrepancies in the report we find so we will be looking at a personal hearing for that , '' he said . Warnock confirmed Cardiff would look at taking internal disciplinary action against Bamba `` as and when '' but would not confirm a timetable .	Cardiff City will seek a personal hearing for defender Sol Bamba after he was charged with threatening behaviour by the Football Association .
The 55-year-old former Grimsby and Bradford boss has accepted a role as Premier League Burnley 's head of national recruitment for under 17-23s . Law 's final game will be at Gainsborough Trinity on 4 February . He said : `` It 's been an extremely tough decision for me . This club is a part of me and I will never forget everything I 've achieved . ''	Nicky Law will leave Alfreton Town next month after nearly a decade in charge at the National League North side .
Moises Sanchez was abducted from his home by armed men on 2 January . Mr Sanchez works for a newspaper in the city of Medellin and is known for his coverage of drug-related violence . The arrests come amid a series of horrific disappearances and murders in which the security forces are alleged to be involved . Mexicans have taken to the streets almost daily in support of 43 students who disappeared in the state of Guerrero on 26 September . The case , in which municipal officers confessed to handing the students over to a local drug gang who are believed to have killed them , has shone a spotlight on allegations of widespread collusion between the police and organised crime . Colleagues and friends of Mr Sanchez also voiced their concern that the security forces were involved in his abduction , holding up signs saying `` It was the state '' at a demonstration in the town of Xalapa on Wednesday . Prosecutors said forensic tests were being carried out on a body found in a nearby village to establish if it could be that of Mr Sanchez . Mexico 's National Commission on Human Rights ( CNDH ) says 97 journalists have been killed in Mexico in connection with their work since 2010 . According to the CNDH , Veracruz is among the most dangerous Mexican states for journalists to work in .	Thirteen municipal police officers are being held in the eastern Mexican state of Veracruz over the kidnapping of a journalist on 2 January .
The 34-year-old was detained at an address in Birmingham on Wednesday . He is being questioned on suspicion of `` the commission , preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 '' . West Midlands Police said the arrest was planned , intelligence-led and there was no threat to the public 's safety .	Police have arrested a man and have been searching a property as part of a counter terrorism operation .
Ukrainian powerlifter Mariana Shevchuk and Vladimir Andryushchenko , a Russian thrower , are the first to benefit from the World Anti-Doping Agency 's ( Wada ) clarification on positive tests . Meldonium was banned on 1 January , but Wada later admitted doubts over how long the drug stays in the body . International Paralympic Committee director Peter van de Vliet said the athletes `` have no fault or negligence '' . Shevchuk 's urine was found to contain traces of the banned substance after the IPC Powerlifting World Cup in Dubai on 16 February , while track and field athlete Andryushchenko , who won silver at London 2012 , failed an out-of-competition test on 5 March . However , athletes who can prove that they took the drug before it was added to the banned substance list at the turn of the year can appeal the decision . Five-time Grand-Slam winning tennis player Maria Sharapova was banned from the sport for two years last month after admitting taking meldonium in 2016 . She is appealing against the length of her ban to the Court of Arbitration of Sport ( Cas ) .	Two Para-athletes have avoided sanction after testing positive for meldonium .
Georgie Hankins spoke to six men while volunteering at Northampton 's Hope Centre , which helps vulnerable people . The 21-year-old Northampton university graduate said she was `` overwhelmed '' by their stories . Ambrose Doherty , one of those photographed , said of her work that `` each face shows the struggles '' . `` There are some smiles here and there on the faces of those photographed , but each face shows the struggles we have gone through , '' he said . `` When you are homeless you are invisible , but Georgie had a vision to make the silent speak . '' He volunteers at the centre and has been homeless for 12 of his past 25 years . Ms Hankins said she took the photos during her seven months at the centre to give `` a different perspective of the homeless '' . `` I was able to find out about their lives , and was really overwhelmed by their stories . '' Exhibitions of Ms Hankins ' photos have been held at both the university and Brick Lane in London .	A photographer has captured portraits of homeless men for a project to encourage people to `` talk about the issue '' .
The man was discovered unconscious by a member of the public at Shapinsay court in the Mastrick area of the city in the early hours of Tuesday morning . He was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary , where he later died on Wednesday . Det Insp Douglas Steele said : `` The death is being treated as unexplained and inquiries are ongoing to establish how he came by his injuries . '' The man had left the Three Lums pub on Lewis Road at about 23:10 on Monday night .	A man found injured in Aberdeen has died in hospital .
The man , in his 50s , got into difficulty at about midnight on Monday when crossing land being developed as housing in Shrewsbury , Shropshire . He fell into the trench , which was `` shoulder-width '' , and became stuck . A hazardous area response team managed to pull him free using an aerial ladder platform . He is thought to have broken his ankles , a West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said . `` Given the nature of the location , a building site , there was a very real risk of the trench collapsing , so safety was the number one priority , '' added the spokesman . Guy Williams , from Shropshire Fire and Rescue Service , told BBC Radio Shropshire there was an `` irony '' as firefighters had been practising a similar rescue scenario in a training exercise earlier that evening .	A man who was trying to take a short cut home was unable to move when he became wedged in a trench , emergency services have said .
Johnny Carroll , 26 , defrauded 21 victims out of Â£108,000 , Exeter Crown Court heard . He quoted reasonable estimates for work to walls and roofing but once his team was on site the price rocketed and victims were bullied into paying , the court heard . He admitted a single count of fraud . Carroll of Cricklade , Wiltshire , used eight different company names and often set up local telephone numbers for just long enough to get business before he closed them down , the court was told . Two victims have died since giving interviews to police and at least one more has had to hand over their financial affairs to their family as a result of the crime , the court was told . The building work was carried out from July 2012 to May 2014 in locations including Portishead , Bath , Buckinghamshire , Bristol , Cornwall , towns across Devon and Llangynidr in Powys . Carroll carried out the crimes while on a suspended sentence for previous fraud . John Rice , aged 21 , of Ceri Road , Swansea , admitted two charges of money laundering and was jailed for 12 weeks for his part in the operation .	The leader of a gang of rogue builders who preyed on elderly people across south-west England and south Wales has been jailed for more than three years .
Transport Minister Edwina Hart said she also wanted to introduce measures to streamline the system and cut fraud . Tough new guidelines to tackle abuse , introduced in 2013 , were suspended by one council in February 2015 . Neath Port Talbot council had received complaints that genuine cases were being rejected . It was one of a number of local authorities reporting a big rise in rejections , after being told not to just rely on evidence from GPs . A consultation on Welsh ministers ' latest proposals has been launched .	The blue badge disabled parking scheme could be extended to people with temporary conditions restricting their mobility .
The 28-year-old Benin international was a free agent after his contract expired at De Kemphanen and scored 22 goals in the Jupiler Pro League . `` Coming to the UK and playing my football here is a big challenge and I 'm excited about performing in front of the Bluebirds ' fans , '' he said . Gounongbe is the second Cardiff signing of the summer after Lex Immers joined . Executive director and CEO Ken Choo added : `` We delighted to be able to bring Frederic into the fold , who will add to our already accomplished squad . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Cardiff City have signed forward Frederic Gounongbe from Belgian side KVC Westerlo .
Super-featherweight Taylor , an Olympic Games gold medallist in 2012 , won by a 60-53 margin after a fine performance . Obenauf was knocked down in the second round and was outclassed throughout . The Brazilian suffered a bad cut , near her left eye , after a clash of heads in the fifth round , but went the distance as Taylor comfortably got the verdict . In a contest which consisted of six two-minute rounds , 30-year-old Taylor began strongly with a succession of body shots and a left-hook counter that rocked Obenauf 's head back . Obenauf , who had won nine of her previous 10 professional bouts , received a count in the second as she attacked Taylor but fell after being caught on the top of the head . Taylor was in control with superior footwork , speed and variety of punches , although her opponent battled to the final bell , despite suffering that bad cut in the fifth round . Taylor turned professional after losing in the quarter-finals in the 2016 Rio Olympics and claimed a third-round stoppage win over Poland 's Karina Kopinska in her debut last month .	Ireland 's Katie Taylor won her second fight since turning professional as she claimed a points victory over Brazil 's Viviane Obenauf in Manchester .
17 June 2016 Last updated at 19:59 BST With only two schools for the blind in the entire country , she decided to start teaching braille herself . She tells the BBC why she is giving free classes to blind people in her neighbourhood .	Fama Ka lives in Senegal 's capital Dakar and is visually impaired .
Coastguards were alerted to the incident between Port Eynon Bay and Mewslade Bay at about 1:30 BST . Horton and Port Eynon RNLI launched its lifeboat and two crew went ashore to help the rescue helicopter winch the men aboard . One man was said to have suffered head injuries and the other leg injuries . The RNLI said they had been camping with friends near the cliff point known locally as Boilers Slab . Lifeboat operations manager Lawrie Grove said the rescue was an `` excellent example of emergency and rescue services working closely and effectively together '' .	Two men were airlifted to hospital after falling from cliffs in Swansea early on Sunday .
The hosts led 44-4 at the break thanks to tries by Ash Handley , Rob Burrow , Mitch Garbutt ( 2 ) , Danny McGuire and a hat-trick from debutant Jack Walker . Jordan Lilley , Burrow , Mikolaj Oledzki and Joel Moon added to the score after the break . Kieran Cross , Ryan White , Louis Sheriff ( 2 ) , Charlie Martin and Kyle Kesik touched down for the visitors . Leeds : Walker , Handley , Watkins , Moon , Hall , McGuire , Burrow , Galloway , Lilley , Garbutt , Singleton , Walters , Cuthbertson . Replacements : Ormondroyd , Baldwinson , Oledzki , Hallas . Doncaster : Carr , Doherty , Jones-Bishop , Tali , Sheriff , Howden , Cross , Castle , Kesik , Braham , England , Martin , Muranka . Replacements : Wright , Aizue , Hedges , Scott . Whitehaven v Halifax in the Challenge Cup fifth round is live on on Sunday , 23 April on Connected TV and online from 14:55 BST , along with live text commentary online .	Leeds Rhinos cruised into the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a 36-point win over third tier Doncaster .
Members of the Unite and RMT unions , employed by Wood Group on seven Shell platforms are expected to take part in a 24-hour strike next Tuesday . It is understood the industrial action was not the focus of Wednesday 's talks . The Wood Group has declined to comment . The RMT told BBC Scotland the strike was still expected to go-ahead . The dispute is over pay and next week 's strike would be the first industrial action of its kind in the offshore industry in almost 30 years . The RMT and Unite unions said their members who work for Wood Group would stage the stoppage on 26 July over the firm 's plans for `` swingeing '' pay cuts . The oil services firm said it was `` extremely disappointed '' by the decision to take strike action . The unions said it was likely to `` severely disrupt '' operations on seven Shell platforms in the North Sea - Shearwater , Gannet , Nelson , Curlew , Brent Alpha , Brent Bravo and Brent Charlie . They said the strike was likely to be followed by several further stoppages . Wood Group provides maintenance and construction services to the installations , having signed a new three-year contract extension with Shell earlier this year .	Talks have taken place between union representatives and Wood Group bosses following a decision by more than 300 offshore workers to take strike action .
The Dutch giants trailed 2-0 on aggregate when Nicklas Bendtner scored . But they led on away goals after Amin Younes and Lasse Schone both scored in the space of two second-half minutes . However , Samuel Adegbenro - who also fired home in the first leg - netted twice in the last 10 minutes to send the Norwegians through . Ajax , who lost to Nice on away goals in their Champions League qualifier earlier this summer , have failed to win a European game in a season for the first time since 1990-91 , when they did not compete . AC Milan beat Shkendija of Macedonia 1-0 to complete a 7-0 aggregate win and qualify for the group stage after three years out of European competition . Marseille went through 4-1 on aggregate after a 3-0 home win over Slovenians Domzale . Athletic Bilbao are also in the groups , after beating Panathinaikos 1-0 and 4-2 overall . Vardar became the first Macedonian side to reach the group stage of a European competition after a 2-1 win at Fenerbahce , secured a 4-1 aggregate victory .	Last season 's Europa League finalists Ajax went out in the qualifying rounds as Rosenborg beat them to reach the group stage .
Rovers dominated from the outset , with Lois Maynard coming close to a first-minute goal , as the visitors adopted a defensive approach . There were few chances for either side until just after the hour when Luke Foster brought down Norwood . He got up to take the kick himself , putting it to the left of keeper Max Crocombe and that proved decisive .	James Norwood 's penalty earned Tranmere a sixth win in seven games as they overcame Southport at Prenton Park .
Chief operating officer Foluke Ajayi said patients were likely to experience `` long waiting times '' because of `` increased pressure '' on the department . Those who need urgent treatment will always be prioritised , she added . Those less seriously ill , however , `` could be better treated elsewhere '' . She said : `` We do occasionally experience sudden increases in attendance which can impact on the time for patients to be seen , treated and either discharged or admitted . ''	Staff at the Royal Lancaster Infirmary have asked people to avoid going to its Accident & Emergency unit unless there is a life-threatening situation due to a `` significant surge '' in demand .
11 September 2015 Last updated at 07:12 BST Disney 's latest fantasy adventure series has just completed filming in Warrington . The Evermoor Chronicles is about a girl from New York who has come to live in a mysterious English village . The new series will air on the Disney Channel in the Autumn .	Hollywood has touched down in a town in the North West of England .
The collisions , involving two cars and a caravan , happened north of Felin Fach at about 12:05 BST on Saturday . A Mid and West Fire and Rescue Service spokesman said a woman was trapped but she has been freed and taken to Morriston Hospital , Swansea , via air ambulance . Part of the road was closed but has since reopened .	A woman has been airlifted to hospital after a crash on the A470 in Powys .
The 49ft creation , full of fireworks , will be the centrepiece at Edenbridge Bonfire Society 's parade and display . The effigy is clutching a five-year contract under one arm , with a holdall of cash in his other hand . Rooney signed a new deal with his club last month having previously said he intended to leave . Up to 15,000 people are expected to see the effigy , dressed in full football kit , go up with a bang on Saturday . Charles Laver , of the bonfire society , said Rooney had been chosen as this year 's guy after he made front-page news over allegations about his private life and his loyalty to Manchester United . He said : `` I hate football myself so I 'm quite happy to burn a footballer . '' Past celebrity guys have included Cherie Blair , Gordon Brown and Russell Brand , while last year an effigy of glamour model Katie Price was burnt at the stake .	An effigy of Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney , complete with green Shrek-style ears , will go up in flames at an annual bonfire event in Kent .
Amber Rudd was speaking in the House of Commons about arrangements after Brexit for EU citizens living in Britain . She was asked by Labour how employers and landlords could distinguish between those allowed to live and work here and those who had arrived recently and missed the `` cut-off '' . Ms Rudd said : `` There will be a need to have some sort of documentation . '' She promised a `` phased approach '' to ensure the government used `` all the technology advantages that we are increasingly being able to harness to ensure that all immigration is carefully handled '' . She added : `` But we are not going to set it out yet . '' Later , Robert Goodwill , the Immigration Minister , confirmed that `` no additional documentation '' was needed `` at this stage '' . However , he refused to respond directly to a suggestion from the Liberal Democrats that the cost of the process of documenting EU nationals could be Â£100m per year and involve 3,000 extra staff .	Some 3.2 million EU nationals will need documentation to prove they can stay in the UK , the Home Secretary has said .
Commissioned by the mental health campaign See Me , the YouGov poll of 1,004 adults found 29 % reported having had problems themselves . It also suggested 39 % said a family member had been affected . The research found 35 % of respondents believed they or a family member had experienced stigma or discrimination because of their mental health . See Me Director Calum Irving said : `` We all have mental health , it can be up or it can be down , any of us could struggle at any point . `` To treat someone differently because they are going through a tough time is n't fair . However , we know that stigma is n't always intentional . People often do n't speak about mental health because they are worried they will say the wrong thing or could make it worse . `` But if no one speaks about mental health , then people wo n't feel comfortable asking for help when they need it . '' Mr Irving added : `` A good new year 's resolutions for all of us could be to open up a conversation on mental health . You can do that with a simple , 'are you okay ? ' You do n't need to have all the answers , just talking to someone about how they feel can help . ''	New research has indicated nearly 30 % of Scots say they have experienced mental health problems .
The incident happened on the westbound carriageway between junction 11 at Reading and junction 12 Theale at about 16:50 GMT . South Central Ambulance Service said a man was struck by a car close to Reading services . An air ambulance has landed on a nearby field . The road is likely to remain closed for some time and drivers are advised to avoid the area if possible .	The M4 is closed westbound near Reading after a man was hit by a car .
They refused to attend in March as they argued Mr Lungu was not the legitimate winner of last year 's election . Parliament speaker Patrick Matibini said the MPs ' boycott was `` gross misconduct '' , Lusaka Times reports . The suspension comes as UPND leader Hakainde Hichilema is in detention facing treason charges . Zambia 's government has faced criticism from the country 's Conference of Catholic Bishops over its handling of the case of the opposition leader . It warned that Zambia was slipping towards a `` dictatorship '' . The suspended 48 MPs represents nearly the entire parliamentary party of 58 . The speaker said their ban takes effect immediately and dared the suspended MPs to resign : `` I therefore challenge the UPND members that if they still maintain that they do not recognise the president , they should resign on moral grounds . '' Zambia has been locked in a political crisis since Mr Hichilema was arrested in April following an incident in which a convoy he was travelling in allegedly refused to give way to the presidential motorcade . Mr Hichillema , who lost to Mr Lungu in last year 's close election , is accused of endangering the president 's life . His lawyers argue that the charges are politically motivated .	Forty-eight Zambian MPs from the opposition UPND have been suspended for 30 days for boycotting President Edgar Lungu 's state of the nation address .
The three-month-old child was taken to hospital on Friday afternoon but died the following day , Dorset Police said . Police were alerted by paramedics who were called to a flat in Carysfort Road , Boscombe . A 33-year-old man from Bournemouth is being questioned by police , who say they are not looking for anyone else in connection with the death . Det Insp Richard Dixey of Dorset Police , said : `` I can confirm that the tragic death of this young boy is being treated as suspicious and a murder investigation , led by the Major Crime Investigation Team , has been launched as a result . `` I would appeal for the family to be given privacy at this extremely difficult time . '' Police said crime scene officers had examined the Carysfort Road flat . A post-mortem examination is due to take place early next week .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a baby boy who was found injured at a flat in Bournemouth .
Dame Maggie Smith , David Walliams and Tom Hollander were in the first night audience at his solo performance of Krapp 's Last Tape by Samuel Beckett . Sir Michael will perform the 52-minute play twice a night during its run . Last year the 69-year-old pulled out of Alan Bennett 's The Habit of Art after doctors advised him to rest . His role was subsequently taken by Richard Griffiths in the National Theatre production . Sir Michael is no stranger to Beckett 's enigmatic work , having performed it at the Gate Theatre in Dublin earlier this year . First staged in London in 1958 , the play revolves around an old man listening to his younger self via taped recordings . `` I 'm so used to being in the West End that I find it quite usual , '' said Sir Michael after Wednesday night 's performance at the Duchess Theatre . `` First night is a bit frightening but you deal with it . '' Reviews so far have been positive , with the Guardian 's critic praising Michael Colgan 's `` artfully pitched '' production . The Telegraph , meanwhile , praised `` the great Michael Gambon '' and his `` extraordinarily eloquent '' voice .	Actor Sir Michael Gambon has returned to London 's West End , one year on from his withdrawal from another stage play due to ill health .
Rovers came from a goal down to beat Rotherham United 4-2 and move off the bottom of the Championship table . `` We were outstanding today from start to finish . We scored four goals . Let 's be honest we could have scored seven or eight , '' he told BBC Radio Lancashire . `` I 'm not talking about half chances , I 'm talking about guilt-edged chances . '' Goals from Craig Conway , Marvin Emnes , Ben Marshall and Sam Gallagher gave Blackburn victory over the Millers at Ewood Park . It was Coyle 's first win since taking over as Rovers manager in the summer and it moves the Lancashire club above Cardiff City on goal difference . `` The longer ( the winless run ) goes on - you leave yourself wide open for criticism and everything that comes with it , '' said Coyle . `` But I said from day one it was such a huge job anyway because everyone knows the team has been getting poor each year . `` Things have been getting different in terms of cutting this and whatever . It was always going to be a real challenge but we never lost faith in the process and what we could implement on the training ground . ''	Boss Owen Coyle says Blackburn came through a `` real test of character , team spirit and camaraderie '' to win their first game of the season .
The Romanian champions ' flight to Glasgow arrived three hours late on Tuesday amid reports of problems over the payment for their flight . But paperwork problems over Nigerian striker Fatai and Ghanaian midfielder Yahaya , both 24 , were resolved . Media playback is not supported on this device And the pair arrived later on a separate flight to Scotland . Astra are due to play at Celtic Park on Thursday in their third Europa League Group D game . Celtic lead the group on four points along with Red Bull Salzburg , with Astra bottom after two defeats .	Astra Giurgiu 's Kehinde Fatai and Seidu Yahaya have arrived in Scotland for their Europa League tie at Celtic after visa problems delayed their departure .
Greater Manchester Police detained 15 men and three women in the operation , which involved more than 200 officers . Search warrants were executed at 22 properties in Eccles and Pendleton . Those arrested were held on suspicion of supplying drugs across Salford . The raids were planned before the shooting of a seven-year-old boy in Eccles on Thursday , police said . Detectives believe that attack was linked to feuds between rival gangs . During the drugs raids , searches uncovered a cannabis farm , cocaine , crack cocaine , heroin , cannabis , a stolen motorbike and cash . Supt Mark Kenny thanked the public for coming forward with information to help the investigation , but added : `` There is still more to do and , as with any fight against organised crime groups embedded in our communities , we need residents to come to us with information so we can put a stop to this criminality . ''	Eighteen people have been arrested and a `` substantial amount '' of Class A drugs seized in organised crime raids .
The 1974 painting , Comet ( F13 ) , is estimated to be worth A $ 200,000 ( Â£117,000 ; $ 152,000 ) . The artwork was taken on Sunday as its owner moved house , New South Wales Police said . McCahon , who died in 1987 , produced some of New Zealand 's most recognisable modernist paintings over a career spanning more than four decades . Comet ( F13 ) , which depicts a night scene , measures approximately 1m ( 3ft ) by 75cm . A set of stereo speakers was also stolen . Police have appealed for anyone with information , saying it would be treated in `` the strictest of confidence '' . Art consultant Stephen Nall said art theft was relatively uncommon in Australia because it was difficult to sell on the black market . `` The general rule is that you would only get about 10 % of the value if you are selling a picture that is stolen , '' he told the BBC .	A valuable artwork by renowned New Zealand artist Colin John McCahon has been stolen from a house in Sydney .
Events will take place internationally to mark the anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp . A national service at Cardiff City Hall will see Holocaust survivor Eva Clarke speak about her experiences . Events are also being held in Wrexham , Llandudno , Caldicot and Pontypool . Dyfed-Powys Police flags will be flown at half-mast , while in Merthyr Tydfil a permanent garden of reflection has been created by the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust . First Minister Carwyn Jones said : `` It is our duty to keep the memory of those who died alive , so we always remember how fortunate we are to live in a tolerant and humane society and ensure that such atrocities are never repeated . ''	Services are being held across Wales on Friday to remember victims of Nazi persecution and all genocide on Holocaust Memorial Day .
Mr Dorchester said in October last year that he would leave the post in March 2017 . He said a move to nationalise ferry services had changed his mind . Following talks with CalMac 's board and Transport Minister Humza Yousaf , he said he had decided to stay on to help the company through this new phase . Mr Dorchester 's role includes being chief executive of CalMac 's parent company David MacBrayne Ltd. CalMac operates ferry routes on Scotland 's west coast .	Martin Dorchester is to remain as managing director of Caledonian MacBrayne Ferries after previously announcing he was standing down .
The Golden State Warrior , 29 , was given a sponsor 's invite to compete in the Ellie Mae Classic on the Web.com Tour . His opening shot landed in a golf cart , and he bogeyed three of the first five holes in Hayward , California . `` If you 'd told me I was going to shoot 74 going into the round , I 'd take that all day , every day , '' said the two-time NBA Most Valuable Player . Frank Lickliter , a two-time PGA Tour winner , is among the players below Curry on the leaderboard , which is headed by Nicholas Thompson on seven under par . The Web.com Tour is one rung below the top-level PGA Tour .	Basketball player Stephen Curry shot a four-over-par 74 as he made his debut in a professional golf tournament .
The 37-year-old was arrested at an address in the Burngreave area on Friday . The offence relates the rape of the teenager in Sheffield between 2009 and 2010 . South Yorkshire Police said the man had been released pending further inquiries .	A man arrested in Sheffield on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl six years ago has been bailed by police .
Emma Jane Moore was found in the property in English Street and taken to Dumfries Infirmary where she was pronounced dead . Emergency services were called out to the incident at about 19:45 on Monday . The area around Dobie 's Wynd and Munches Street at the back of the flats remained cordoned off while investigations continued . The procurator fiscal has been informed and a joint police and fire and rescue service investigation is under way .	Police have identified a 39-year-old woman who died in a fire in a flat in Dumfries town centre .
The 25-year-old , who won her first WTA Tour title on Sunday , won 6-4 6-2 in one hour 21 minutes in Montreal . The world number 14 will play either Hungary 's Timea Babos or American Vania King in the next round . Britain 's Naomi Broady will face Spain 's world number three Garbine Muguruza in the second round later . You can now add tennis alerts in the BBC Sport app - simply head to the menu and My Alerts section	British number one Johanna Konta progressed to the second round of the Rogers Cup with a straight-set win over American Shelby Rogers .
The 20-year-old son of former Villa player Gordon Cowans has appeared for Villa 's Under-21 side He comes in after confirmation that Boro midfielder Tom Conlon will miss up to nine months with a knee injury . `` He 's got those Tom Conlon-type traits and obviously with Tom stepping out for a while it ended up being decent timing , '' said Boro boss Darren Sarrl . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two club Stevenage have signed Aston Villa midfielder Henry Cowans on loan until January .
16 October 2015 Last updated at 00:07 BST Here , courtesy of Ford , is a short glimpse behind the scenes .	US car giant Ford has spent $ 2.6bn ( £1.7bn ; €2.3bn ) transforming its factory in Valencia , Spain , into what the company says is the one of the most advanced motor manufacturing plants in the world .
8 June 2016 Last updated at 09:07 BST They were chatting to Martin who was putting your questions to the Springwatch presenters . They told Newsround all about the Hobby , a type of small falcon . The team are trying to spot the bird of prey as it migrates back to the UK for Summer . Watch the video to find out more .	Chris Packham and Michaela Strachan from Springwatch were live from Minsmere , an RSPB nature reserve in Suffolk this morning .
The man was assaulted between 03:00 BST and 04:00 BST on Monday in the area around Fitzwilliam Road and Mushroom Roundabout . It is believed he was on his way to early morning prayers . The victim suffered life-threatening head and facial injuries and is in a critical but stable condition , South Yorkshire Police said . Det Sgt John Yoxall said : `` The assault on this elderly and vulnerable man was brutal . `` There 's little doubt that if the victim had not been found by officers this could have been a murder inquiry . `` I can assure the local community that all the necessary resources are being put into finding those responsible for this vicious assault . '' Detectives are urging witnesses to come forward .	An 81-year-old man was `` brutally attacked '' while understood to be on his way to a mosque in Rotherham .
Yorkshire Water said if metaldehyde - an active ingredient in slug pellets - enters the water system it can lead to breaches in EU standards . It has asked farmers to ensure pellets are applied correctly or consider alternative measures on land near the River Derwent and Ouse . Metaldehyde poses no danger to health or the environment , the company said . Areas where the compound has leaked into the watercourses include land near Northallerton , Haxby , Stamford Bridge , Elvington , Loftsome and Pocklington . Andrew Walker , from Yorkshire Water , said : `` We are positively working with farmers on this issue as we recognise the demands they have to meet food production targets . `` So we are not saying to farmers to stop using slug pellets , but instead to ensure they are applied correctly and to consider alternative measures that have a lower water impact . `` This way , crops will continue to be protected from nuisance slugs without adversely affecting raw water supplies . ''	Farmers are being urged to avoid polluting nearby watercourses when using slug control pesticides .
Match ends , Macclesfield Town 3 , Maidstone United 0 . Second Half ends , Macclesfield Town 3 , Maidstone United 0 . Goal ! Macclesfield Town 3 , Maidstone United 0 . Jack Mackreth ( Macclesfield Town ) . Substitution , Maidstone United . George Oakley replaces Bobby-Joe Taylor . Goal ! Macclesfield Town 2 , Maidstone United 0 . Danny Whitaker ( Macclesfield Town ) converts the penalty with a. Bobby-Joe Taylor ( Maidstone United ) is shown the yellow card . Substitution , Macclesfield Town . Luke Summerfield replaces Danny Whitehead . Tom Mills ( Maidstone United ) is shown the yellow card . Substitution , Maidstone United . Jamar Loza replaces Alex Flisher . Substitution , Maidstone United . Yemi Odubade replaces Jack Paxman . Second Half begins Macclesfield Town 1 , Maidstone United 0 . First Half ends , Macclesfield Town 1 , Maidstone United 0 . Goal ! Macclesfield Town 1 , Maidstone United 0 . Rhys Browne ( Macclesfield Town ) . First Half begins . Lineups are announced and players are warming up .	Match details to follow .
Dallas-based Clarkson , 22 , has lost eight of her 12 professional bouts , although she has never been stopped . Taylor , the 2012 Olympic champion , has won her first five pro bouts and her promoter Eddie Hearn hopes she will fight for a world title later in 2017 . Taylor , 31 , has earned stoppage wins in three of her five bouts . Saturday 's fight at the Barclays Centre will be on the undercard of the super-lightweight non-title contest between Adrien Broner and Mikey Garcia . Taylor stopped German Nina Meinke in a world title eliminator at Wembley Stadium in her last contest in April .	Katie Taylor 's first professional fight in the US will pit her against American journeywoman Jasmine Clarkson in New York on Saturday .
Daniel Raymond Cooper , from Stourvale Road , Bournemouth , pleaded guilty at Sheffield Crown Court . He admitted five offences relating to abuse of a girl between 1999 and 2004 , said South Yorkshire Police . The charges include sexual activity with a child , attempted unlawful sexual activity with a child under 13 years old and indecent assault . Cooper , 32 , was also issued with an indefinite Sexual Harm Prevention Order stopping him from having unsupervised contact with any child under 16. Cooper moved out of Rotherham about 2005 , said police . In May 2014 , the victim reported the abuse to officers . PC Natasha Mangham said the victim had shown `` tremendous strength of character and courage '' during a lengthy investigation . `` I am glad Cooper finally accepted responsibility for his despicable crimes and spared the victim the further trauma of reliving her abuse before the courts '' , she added .	A man has been jailed for seven years for `` despicable '' child sexual offences against a girl in Rotherham .
The photograph was taken by Fran Hockley , 29 , of Stackpole , when she was diving off the coast of Skomer Island . It was highly commended in the British Sub-Aqua Club 's ( BSAC ) nationwide Great British Diving photography competition . Ms Hockley said it was a `` really lucky shot '' but she was `` delighted '' with the recognition . `` There were lots of mums with their pups playing around and I took a few shots , but it was n't until I got home that I realised how well this one had come out , '' she said . About 340 photographs were entered into the competition and more than 2,300 people voted for the best image .	A scuba diver from Pembrokeshire has won national recognition for her photograph of a grey seal poking its nose out of the water .
Nikolai Pankov announced a review of the decision to close the two bases more than a decade ago . The two served as pivots of Soviet military power during the Cold War . It comes amid growing tensions between the US and Russia , and as Russia 's parliament approved a longer term military presence at a Syrian airbase . Mr Pankov told the Russian parliament on Friday they were `` dealing with the issue '' of the two bases , Russian news agencies reported . He declined to go into detail . It comes two years after Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu first revealed they were looking into bases in both Vietnam and Cuba , as well as countries including Singapore and Nicaragua , according to The Diplomat . Russia lowered its flag at the Lourdes signals intelligence base in Cuba and the deepwater Cam Rahn naval base in Vietnam in the early 2000s as part of a drawing down of Russia 's military presence around the world after the demise of the Soviet Union . During the same session , Russia 's parliament voted to approve an `` indefinite '' deployment of forces in Syria at the Hmeimim airbase . The facility had been supporting Russian troops since August 2015 on a temporary basis , but Friday 's vote could lead to a permanent base .	Russia is considering plans to resume its military presence in Vietnam and Cuba , the country 's deputy defence minister says .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 1 April 2015 Last updated at 16:32 BST Edwina Hart said there was `` no place '' for such terms of employment , while election campaigning in the Vale of Glamorgan . Earlier on Wednesday , party leader Ed Miliband said a Labour government at Westminster would give workers the right to a regular contract after 12 weeks of regular hours . The Conservatives have claimed the move would be a threat to jobs . Mrs Hart said she has never liked the contracts .	Zero-hours contracts should be outlawed , Welsh Labour 's economy minister has said , going further than party policy .
Fire crews were called to the Longman Industrial Estate in the city 's Henderson Drive at about 18:00 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service sent four appliances to deal with the incident . Police had urged nearby residents to close all windows and doors and keep themselves and any pets inside . The emergency services warned of smoke and potentially toxic fumes emanating from the fire in 150 tonnes of material . A digger was used to tackle the blaze which was brought under control by midnight . There have been no reports of injuries .	Residents in an area of Inverness were urged to stay indoors due to potentially toxic fumes coming from a fire at a recycling centre .
The woman , who was a spectator , was hit during the opening Superstock race on Saturday . Two riders were also taken to hospital . The third was unhurt . Stephen Thompson is in a critical condition , Horst Saiger sustained minor injuries . Organisers said the `` serious incident '' happened on the section of the course between York Corner and Mill Road Roundabout . The woman was taken to hospital by helicopter . The Belfast Health and Social Care Trust has described her condition and that of Thompson as `` critical but stable '' . Mervyn Whyte , NW200 race director , said the two riders , Thompson and Saiger , were conscious when they were transferred to hospital in Coleraine . A spokesperson for the event said Thompson had now been transferred to the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast , while Saiger is believed to have only minor injuries and remains in Coleraine . Thompson is from Crumlin in County Antrim and is in his late 30s . He is a regular competitor at the North West 200 , Isle of Man TT , Ulster Grand Prix , and Macau Grand Prix road circuits . He suffered a broken vertebra at the Ulster Grand Prix in 2012 .	A woman and a rider are in critical but stable conditions in hospital following a crash involving three motorcycles at the North West 200 .
Police were called to the address in Hennef , western Germany , on Monday after an explosion was reported . Firefighters arrived to find the man 's garage in flames and more ammunition went off as they tried to put it out . The owner , a private collector , said he had bought the munitions at a flea market . Reports suggest the force of the explosions threw objects up to 10m ( 32ft ) into the air . No injuries were reported , but homes near the scene were quickly evacuated . The nearby Highway 560 and a stretch of railway were both closed as bomb experts feared more munitions could go off . Experts were called to secure the remaining grenades and destroy them via a controlled explosion in a field . German media quoted police as saying the grenades had probably been triggered by unseasonably warm temperatures . The collector now faces possible weapons charges over the incident .	German police have arrested a 51-year-old man after a crate of grenades from World War Two blew up in his garage .
This will bring the number of UK personnel in Iraq to more than 300 . Mr Fallon said there had been `` solid progress '' in recent months against the so-called Islamic State group , which controls parts of the country . The team will provide training in logistics and include medical staff and bridge building experts . A number of bridges have been destroyed by IS or by coalition air strikes . `` Now is the time to step up our training of Iraqi Forces , as they prepare for operations in key cities such as Fallujah and Mosul , '' Mr Fallon said . `` Along with the trebling of UK air strikes , this underlines the crucial role our armed forces are playing in the fight against Daesh [ IS ] . '' The BBC 's defence correspondent Jonathan Beale said it was a sign that attention was turning towards the battle for Mosul , which has been controlled by IS since June 2014 . He said : `` The US-led coalition though is also under pressure to address the aftermath of war - how to help rebuild and repopulate towns and cities like Ramadi recently liberated from so-called Islamic State . ''	The UK will send at least 30 more military trainers to Iraq to boost its training mission there , Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has said .
The former SS man is not German , nor is he living in Germany . He was allegedly a camp guard in 1944 , when about 344,000 Jews from Hungary were murdered in the Auschwitz-Birkenau gas chambers in occupied Poland . Prosecutors in Weiden , Bavaria , are to decide whether to charge him and try to bring him to Germany to face trial . The man is believed to have lived in the Weiden area before going abroad after World War II . German officials have not named him , but the Sueddeutsche Zeitung news website says the suspect is believed to be a Slovak now living in Philadelphia , in the US . The chief prosecutor at Germany 's office investigating Nazi war crimes , Kurt Schrimm , said details on the suspect came to light during the high-profile Demjanjuk investigation . In March this year Ukrainian-born John Demjanjuk , found guilty for his role as a Nazi guard at the Sobibor death camp , died aged 91 . He had been sentenced to five years in prison by a German court in May 2011 . Auschwitz was the biggest Nazi death camp where more than 1.1 million people , most of them Jews , were murdered .	German prosecutors are examining the case of an 87-year-old Nazi suspect accused of involvement in mass murder at the Auschwitz death camp .
The 23-year-old , who has moved from Cardiff City , has 24 caps as a international footballer . She was in the Wales netball team at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games in 2014 , but recently admitted that trying to play both sports had caused issues . `` There has been some turbulence , '' she said in a statement on Twitter . Jones , who played in defence for netball Superleague side Celtic Dragons , highlighted that a clash between domestic netball training and an international football fixture in April had resulted in her being left out of the initial World Cup squad . She later turned down the chance to return to the squad following the Europe Open Championships in May . In her statement , Jones continued : `` At that point I do n't believe the terms put forward were appropriate , and the relationship in place would not have been of benefit to a team going forward to a major championship . `` Many congratulations to the 12 who have made the World Cup squad . I wish the girls all the best for Sydney and look forward to tracking their progress on the world stage . '' Reading are currently top of WSL 2 , the second-tier of the English game .	Wales dual sport international Nia Jones has joined Women 's Super League 2 side Reading after being overlooked for next month 's Netball World Cup .
The 22-year-old left Partick Thistle in 2015 to join Wigan Athletic after just five first-team appearances for the Jags . He spent time on loan with MK Dons last season after a spell at Shrewsbury Town in the previous campaign . Hendry was on a four-year contract at Wigan but has negotiated an early release to kick-start his career back in Scotland . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Dundee have signed central defender Jack Hendry on a two-year deal .
Officers armed with shotguns used tyre deflation rounds on the car following `` an intelligence-led operation '' . The incident happened at about 19:25 on Wednesday in Thorndene Avenue , Carfin . A 32-year-old man is in police custody in connection with alleged firearms offences , while a 38-year-old man has been charged with drugs offences . Police Scotland said the incident was referred to the Police Investigations and Review Commissioner ( Pirc ) in line with routine procedure in cases involving firearms . Pirc said : `` It is reported that the rear two tyres of a vehicle were damaged during the incident after the rounds were discharged by specialist firearms officers with shotguns , but no members of the public were injured . `` It also alleged conventional weapons were pointed at the occupants of the vehicle while being detained by police . `` The firearms discharge occurred following a police operation . ''	Police arrested two men over alleged firearms and drugs offences after shooting out the tyres of their car in a North Lanarkshire street .
On Wednesday , a review panel decided not to punish Northampton despite concluding that North should not have played on against Leicester . Hargreaves , 30 , was forced to retire in October due to a concussion injury . `` Is that what we call player welfare ? What a depressing day for rugby , '' said the former South Africa international . `` [ The ] Decision made by CMRG ( Concussion Management Review Group ) is a disgrace . '' Hargreaves suffered a number of concussions in the last two seasons of his career , and was given medical advice to give up the game . North had a six-month spell out of the game in 2015 following a spate of four blows to the head in five months . And speaking on BBC Radio Four 's Today show , former England flanker Lewis Moody has also been critical of rugby authorities for not sanctioning Northampton . `` For there to be an outcome saying he should n't have been allowed back on the pitch , but for the club not to have been sanctioned - what message does that send to the other clubs ? `` There clearly needs to be a review of the protocols in place for those head assessments . `` I 'm very surprised that there 's no sanction given to Northampton . ''	Ex-Saracens captain Alistair Hargreaves says the findings of the review into the way George North was treated for a head injury are `` a disgrace '' .
West Midlands Police Counter Terrorism Unit and officers from the West Mercia force held the 23-year-old by the Kidderminster centre on Sunday night . Officers said there was nothing to indicate a threat to the premises on Birmingham Road or any link to the terror attack in Finsbury Park , London . The man 's motives are not yet known and he remains in custody , police said . Asst Ch Con Martin Evans , of West Mercia Police , said : `` On identifying the man our officers took prompt action to contain the threat and take him into custody . More updates on this story `` I understand that this will be extremely concerning for the residents of Kidderminster but I would like to reassure you that at this time we believe the suspect was acting alone and we are not looking for anyone else in connection with the incident . '' He said an `` extremely sensitive investigation '' was under way and confirmed additional police patrols would take place in the town to reassure people .	Anti-terror police have arrested a man with knives and an axe near an Army Reserve centre ( formerly known as TA ) .
Gary Clampett , 39 , died after a disturbance in Fernie Place early on Sunday . Gary Martin , 36 , Thomas Martin , 44 , and John Henderson , 46 , appeared at Peterhead Sheriff Court and were all remanded in custody . They were also charged with attempted murder . Two men have already appeared in court accused of murdering Mr Clampett . On Tuesday Barry Martin , 31 , and Joseph Martin , 39 , appeared in court charged with murder and two counts of attempted murder .	Three more men have been charged with murder in court after a death in Fraserburgh at the weekend .
The 33-year-old was shown round the club 's Auchenhowie training ground on Saturday . Talks will continue and a deal could be imminent . Barton was named in the Championship team of the season as Burnley secured the title . He has yet to agree a new deal with Burnley and could be tempted by a longer term contract at Ibrox . Rangers manager Mark Warburton is keen to add some experience and character to his squad in preparation for their return to the Premiership . Barton , who won one England cap , was named player of the year at Burnley this season . The former Manchester City , Newcastle , QPR and Marseille player joined the club when Frank McParland was the sporting director . McParland is now head of recruitment at Ibrox , and will be an influential figure as Barton weighs up his options . The transfer runs counter to Rangers ' recruitment strategy of signing players with the potential to develop and rise in value . But Barton is a player McParland knows well and Warburton prefers to sign individuals whose nature and character he is already aware of . Media playback is not supported on this device	Rangers have made a move to sign Burnley midfielder Joey Barton on a free transfer this summer .
Protesters have maintained that Jamar Clark , 24 , was restrained by police when they shot him on Sunday . Clark was placed on life support and died a day later . The shooting has led to protests in the mid-western city , with police and demonstrators using irritant spray against each other on Wednesday night . Police say that Clark was the suspect in an assault case and was interfering with medics who were working on the assault victim when he was shot . Lt Bob Kroll , the head of the Police Officers Federation of Minneapolis told the Associated Press news agency : `` Cuffs were never on . '' Since the shooting authorities have remained largely silent on the issue , with the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension - the agency investigating the shooting - saying that it was one line of investigation . Mr Kroll also said that Clark had `` a violent history '' and that the two officers who were involved in the shooting have no disciplinary issues on their records . Demonstrations continued on Wednesday night , with police telling local media that officers sustained minor injuries and some squad cars receiving `` significant damage '' from bricks . A number of high-profile police shootings of black people have sparked protests nationwide in recent months about the police use of excessive force against African Americans .	The Minneapolis police union has said that an unarmed black man was not handcuffed and was trying to disarm police when he was fatally shot .
Simon Buckden , 42 , of Landseer Way , appeared at Leeds Crown Court charged with seven counts of fraud relating to military service , PTSD and cancer . Mr Buckden was told he will face a trial , in February 2016 , by the Recorder of Leeds , Judge Collier QC . The charges relate to periods between October 2009 and December 2013 .	A Leeds soldier charged with making false claims about post-traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) will face trial , a judge has ruled .
The club 's bid to host 27 matches at the stadium 's full 90,000 capacity was approved by a majority of five to one . Local residents were given a chance to air their views at the meeting , which lasted three hours and 32 minutes . Spurs now have until 31 March to activate their option to play at the national stadium . The club , however , are likely to use all their available time to decide , as they assess whether their new stadium next to White Hart Lane will be completed in time for the start of the 2018-19 season . Tottenham could yet stay at their current ground next season and aim to play home games at Wembley in 2018-19 , before moving into the new stadium for the 2019-20 campaign .	Tottenham moved a step closer to playing home games at Wembley next season after Brent Council approved their planning application .
The warning has been issued after 10 people were reported to the procurator fiscal in May . Police said they would monitor all routes through the region and offenders would be dealt with `` robustly '' . They added that they would be stepping up operations during the common riding celebrations throughout the Borders . Insp John Scott said : `` Ten people caught driving while drunk or under the influence of drugs is 10 too many and represents a complete disregard for the safety of other road users , as well as their own well-being . `` The public regularly report their suspicions about people they believe are committing offences of this nature and whenever we receive these calls we will respond accordingly . `` With the start of the summer and the Borders festival season upon us , we will have increased road policing patrols in place across the road network and our message is simple - do not drive if you have been drinking alcohol . `` The limit in Scotland has reduced , so do n't risk it . '' He also encouraged people to continue to report anyone they suspected of drink or drug driving .	Police have promised an increased presence during the Borders festival season after catching a string of drink and drug drivers in the region .
The 28-year-old Nigerian striker has been without a club following his release by West Brom in May . Anichebe played under Black Cats boss David Moyes for seven years at Everton . `` I have a lot of good friends here and everyone knows that I know the manager really well . He brought me through as a young player and was a big factor in me coming here , '' he said . Prior to his arrival , Jermain Defoe was Sunderland 's only fit senior forward . `` I had a few options in England and Europe but the manager was a huge pull for me . He knows me inside out and I feel like he can get the best out of me , '' added Anichebe . The Nigerian , who moved from Lagos to Liverpool at the age of one , scored 35 goals for Everton and the Baggies in 228 appearances . Sunderland have lost twice and drawn once in their opening three Premier League fixtures .	Sunderland have signed free agent Victor Anichebe on a deal until the end of the season .
The `` chance of a lifetime opportunity '' on the Isle of May would begin mid-April and run for about four months . Birds on the island include Arctic Terns , Kittiwakes and Razorbills . Throughout the year , grey seals can also be spotted on the island . The work is unpaid . Accommodation and some travel costs are provided .	Volunteers are being urged to work and live on a tiny Scottish island in the Firth of Forth to monitor its bird population .
27 April 2016 Last updated at 16:34 BST The aim ? To use their powers of concentration to send drones down a nine-metre course to the finish line . Competitors have to wear special headsets that measure the electrical activity of their brains . A custom-made computer programme means their thoughts can be converted to control the drone 's movement . On your marks , get set , DRONE .	Sixteen competitors at the University of Florida , in the US , have been battling it out in the first ever mind-controlled drone race .
6 September 2016 Last updated at 12:30 BST The Ox is billed as `` the world 's first flat-pack van '' - a two-wheel drive , off-roader made of marine plywood that can be assembled by non-experts in under 12 hours and travel 1,000km ( 620 miles ) without filling up . It 's aimed at remote areas of , say Africa , where transporting food or equipment over difficult terrain is a problem . It is n't quite as fast as Mr Murray 's McLaren F1 supercar , but he hopes it will reach more people - thousands rather than a hundred or so . The BBC 's transport correspondent Richard Westcott got to test drive the Ox .	One of motorsport 's most acclaimed designers , Gordon Murray , has produced a vehicle that `` ranks above anything else I 've ever done '' .
The `` very ornate '' urn was discovered at 02:00 on Sunday 30 April . Police in Edinburgh posted a message on their Facebook page on Tuesday to say the urn had been claimed . It said : `` Good news folks ! As a result of your help in sharing our wee appeal to find the owner of an urn , a man has come forward to claim the item . ''	The owner of a small velvet box containing an urn full of ashes which was found in an Edinburgh taxi has come forward .
The lights were taken from the front garden at Julia 's House in Poole , which cares for children with life limiting illnesses , at 20:55 GMT on 9 December . Police said a small light-coloured car or delivery van was spotted pulling up outside the hospice before the theft . `` We are all so shocked that someone could steal from a children 's hospice , '' said nurse Emma Shepherd . `` We have children attending a session tomorrow and several children staying this weekend and they will now miss out . `` Many of our children have sensory challenges or difficulties with their sight , but they can all see and enjoy lights . '' Sally Rowe , from the hospice , said they had received donations of lights from supporters since the theft . PC Garry Weston said that a man got out of the passenger side of the van that was spotted and walked toward the grounds of the hospice . Mr Weston said : `` The van left the scene and the offender was seen to walk into the grounds of Julia 's house before leaving carrying the lights . `` This was a despicable crime on a hospice which offers day and respite care for children with life limiting illnesses . ''	Staff at a children 's hospice say they are devastated after thieves stole their Christmas lights .
The 21-year-old is currently out on loan at Rotherham United , for whom he has yet to feature because of a hamstring injury . Morris spent last season with Scottish Premiership club Hamilton Academical , scoring eight goals in 33 games . Canaries boss Alex Neil said : `` Carlton is a young player who we believe has plenty to offer us in the years ahead . ''	Norwich City striker Carlton Morris has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship side .
The accident involving the Mouloudia Bejaia midfielder , 27 , took place on Sunday , with the death of the Algerian club 's player confirmed on Monday . One of Touati 's former sides , Red Star in France , led the tributes . `` It 's with profound sadness and tremendous pain that Red Star learnt of the death of Youcef Touati , '' the Paris-based club said . `` He was with Red Star during the 2011-12 season where everyone will remember his 'joie de vivre ' and talent . `` Red Star lost a member of its family today . '' After spells with a variety of lower tier French sides , Touati - an attacking midfielder known for his dribbling - joined Bejaia in the middle of last year . He was part of the Bejaia team that reached its first continental cup final , as the Algerians lost to 2015 African champions TP Mazembe in the 2016 Confederation Cup final . `` He was really highly-rated as a youngster , '' Algerian football journalist Maher Mezahi told BBC Sport .	Former Algeria Under-23 international Youcef Touati has died following a car crash in France .
Businesses can reclaim VAT paid for goods and services from HMRC . It emerged at a Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service fire authority meeting last Thursday that £6.2m went unclaimed up to March 2016 . The authority 's assistant chief officer , Elizabeth Aitken , said no VAT money was lost and `` the whole of this amount has now been claimed '' . The meeting was told the outstanding amount did not have an impact on the fire service 's budget . Staff sickness and the changeover of employees in the fire service 's financial department were among the reasons give for the error . When staff realised the problem , money had to be borrowed to cover the shortfall , meaning the fire authority paid £46,000 in interest .	A mistake by one of Wales ' fire services meant £6.2m in VAT receipts were unclaimed for almost three years .
11 May 2016 Last updated at 16:03 BST Japan ruled Korea from 1910 until the Japanese surrendered after World War Two in 1945 . Afterwards , Soviet troops occupied the area north of the 38th parallel , and US troops the south . The tensions between north and south centred on the differences between democracy and communism . An industrial boom in the decades that followed the Korean War allowed South Korea to prosper . North Korea , however , became isolated under the Kim family dynasty . It means that the divisions put in place mid-way through the 20th Century remain stark today .	Since their division after World War Two , North Korea and South Korea have experienced very different fortunes .
A 300m cordon was set up when the 500lb ( 227kg ) device was found in The Avenue , Brondesbury Park on Thursday morning . Police said bomb disposal experts had successfully defused the device and it had been moved away from the area . Homes and schools had been evacuated and rail services were disrupted , but all roads in the area have now been reopened . How much of a threat are unexploded WWII bombs ? Twenty-seven nearby schools , nurseries and parent and toddler groups were closed on Friday . People living within the cordon were asked to leave their homes and a centre for people who were unable to return home was set up . Nearly 80 people were moved to a hotel in Wembley on Thursday night . London Overground was also closed for part of the morning between Willesden Junction and Camden Road . After cordons were set up on Thursday one local resident told the BBC that `` these things do happen '' as London was bombed heavily in the war , but `` it 's just now inconveniencing me massively '' . `` I understand it 's for security reason but it 's just annoying '' , another resident said . Supt Nigel Quantrell of the Metropolitan Police said specialist teams had been `` working very hard to resolve the situation '' .	An unexploded World War Two bomb discovered on a building site in north-west London has been defused .
The Swiss team will not take part in next week 's post-British Grand Prix test at Silverstone , stating it was to `` consider cost effectiveness '' . They also missed the first in-season test in May as they had no test driver and a lack of car upgrades . Sauber are last in the constructors ' standings before Sunday 's race at Silverstone , having failed to score a point so far this season . British Grand Prix coverage details Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Sauber have pulled out of a second Formula 1 in-season test to save money .
Hamza Bashir , of Glenfield Drive , Middlesbrough , admitted causing Linda Warren 's death by driving without due care and attention on October 23 , 2014 . The 20-year-old was due to stand trial but changed his plea to guilty when he appeared at Teesside Crown Court . The court heard the grandmother of seven died in hospital after being hit by a Hyundai driven by Bashir . The crash happened in Saltersgill Avenue , Middlesbrough . Bashir , a student , was bailed and will be sentenced on February 22 .	A man has admitted causing the death of a 60-year-old woman who was fatally struck by a car .
The musical event , now in its 14th year , took place at the Titanic Slipways in front of an audience of about 11,000 . Both Northern Irish and international acts performed alongside the Ulster Orchestra . The artists included singer Rebecca Ferguson , tenor Noah Stewart and Lucy O'Byrne from BBC One series The Voice . The Ulster Orchestra was conducted by David Brophy . The cast of Riverdance also performed on the 20th anniversary of its formation . The event in Belfast was part of the UK-wide celebrations of the Last Night of the Proms , with concerts in London , Glasgow and Swansea . Viewers can watch the entire Belfast concert at the BBC Proms website , or listen on BBC Radio Ulster from 19:30 BST . BBC One Northern Ireland will broadcast a highlights programme on Friday 18 September at 22:35 BST .	Thousands of people have attended the BBC Proms in the Park in Belfast .
The 23-year-old scored his second Royals goal in the club 's last-gasp 4-3 win over Charlton last Saturday . The on-loan Benfica midfielder has started the last two Reading matches under McDermott , himself an ex-winger . `` You have to do both and you can not just attack . He talks a lot to me which gives me confidence , '' said John . `` He tries to bring the best out of me . He always talks about himself and that he was a winger . `` He gives me a lot of freedom to attack but he talks a lot about defending , '' he told BBC Radio Berkshire . John , who spent time on loan in Germany 's Bundesliga with Hamburg last term , confirmed he was enjoying life in the Championship . And the Dutchman , who has only 12 months to run on his current contract with parent club Benfica , is not ruling out a full-time move to England . `` I am happy here and now I am playing , '' added John . `` I have to see what the options are in the summer . `` Reading is a nice club . I think we have a great team and some great players . ''	Reading 's Ola John says manager Brian McDermott is helping him get the balance right between defence and attack .
The former Republic of Ireland youth international , 35 , has committed to a 10th season for the Shrimps after his move from Chesterfield in 2008 . The ex-Nottingham Forest stopper memorably scored a last-minute goal in February 2016 against Portsmouth . `` Barry had another excellent season last year and is a big member of the squad , '' said boss Jim Bentley .	Morecambe goalkeeper Barry Roche has signed a new one-year deal with the League Two side .
It follows an incident in Augher , County Tyrone , on Thursday night , in which a 40-year-old man sustained stab wounds to his stomach . The 29-year-old man is due to appear at Omagh Magistrates ' Court on Saturday . A 23-year-old man who was arrested has been released on bail pending police enquiries .	Detectives have charged a 29-year-old man with attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon with intent to commit an indictable offence .
16 November 2016 Last updated at 09:22 GMT Newsround caught up with the film 's writer , JK Rowling , to find out what fans can expect from the new film . It 's set in New York , with actor Eddie Redmayn playing Newt Scamander whose magical suitcase is lost and then opened . That allows Newt 's `` fantastic beasts '' to escape , spelling trouble for both the wizarding and non-magical worlds . Take a look at what JK Rowling told Ayshah .....	The stars were out for the European premier of new film , Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them .
The non-venomous snakes , which are unlikely to pose any threat to humans , were taken from the property on Greenfield Road , St Helens on 16 March . Two men were seen leaving the flat with two sacks before driving away in a dark-coloured vehicle . Officers said they believed the snakes , including eight pregnant females and 11 babies , would be offered for sale to experienced snake handlers . DC Neil Henry said : `` This is a large collection of snakes that the victim had been gathering for a while . Clearly , there is a specialised market for such snakes . `` We would appeal to anyone involved in the buying and selling of snakes to look out for any royal pythons that they may be offered and consider whether they may have come from this address . He added : `` These snakes , in particular the pregnant and young snakes , need specialist care and can grow to around 5ft ( 1.5m ) in length . '' Anyone with information is asked to contact St Helens CID on 0151 777 6843 or Crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .	Police are asking for the public 's help to find 38 pythons stolen from a flat .
The Scottish team of Aileen Neilson , Rob McPherson , Gregor Ewan and Hugh Nibloe trailed 5-4 going into the last two ends before scoring three and two to claim a 9-5 victory . Norway took gold with an 8-3 victory over Russia in the final . The eventual champions beat Scotland 7-3 in Saturday 's earlier semi-final .	Scotland won bronze after coming from behind to beat China at the World Wheelchair Curling Championship in South Korea .
Opposition groups are in talks with Labour backbenchers about a new plan . The Labour-run council put forward new budget proposals last week which include reducing funding for day centres , cutting around 600 jobs and increasing council tax by 5 % . The final budget will be voted on next week , but the opposition groups are now preparing an alternative . Opposition leaders met the council 's chief executive Paul Orders and two Labour members on Wednesday morning to discuss their proposals . They would need support from several Labour rebels to stop leader Phil Bale 's budget getting through . Labour sources have told BBC Wales there is unhappiness within the 45-strong Labour group about Cllr Bale 's proposed budget . An announcement from the opposition on the details of their alternative proposal is expected on Friday . A Cardiff council spokesman confirmed Wednesday 's meeting took place but said it was `` part and parcel '' of the budget-setting process . A Labour party spokesperson said : `` Any breach of group whip in respect of the budget is likely to lead to very serious disciplinary action . ''	Cardiff council 's controversial budget plans are in doubt , BBC Wales understands .
Blake Donnellan , 31 , was serving part of a 15-year sentence at HMP Sudbury for conspiracy to supply class A drugs . He was released on temporary licence on Christmas Day but failed to return . Donnellan , who has links to Manchester , Plymouth and Cornwall , was jailed in 2011 for his part in the operation which saw 30 people convicted . In 2009 and 2010 , drugs with an estimated street value of Â£1m and nearly Â£100,000 in cash were seized by police Devon and Cornwall Police . The haul included 11,000 ecstasy tablets , 14kg of cocaine , 330g of heroin , 2kg of amphetamine and 11kg of BZP ( Benzylpiperazine ) . The Crown Prosecution Service said Donnellan was the `` mover and shaker '' in the network and the link between the drugs coming down from Manchester to the Plymouth area and onwards to Cornwall . He is described as white , 6ft ( 1.8m ) tall and of medium build . He has brown eyes , short dark hair and speaks with a Manchester accent . Donnellan 's last known address was in Bude in Cornwall .	A man once described as the linchpin in a massive drug-dealing network has absconded from an open prison in Derbyshire .
The 23-year-old , who scored five goals in 30 appearances for the Stags last season , will remain with the Reds until 22 January . Yussuf has previously had spells at Burton Albion and non-league sides Tamworth , Harrogate Town , Gainsborough Trinity and Oxford City . He becomes Crawley 's 17th signing of the summer transfer window . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Crawley Town have signed Mansfield Town striker Adi Yussuf on a six-month loan deal .
Llanelli Joint Venture , a partnership between the Welsh Government and Carmarthenshire council , is advertising 2.8 acres ( 1.1 hectares ) of land at Burry Port Harbour . It comes with planning consent for mixed-use developments . They include two housing development sites , as well as opportunities for shops , a restaurant , pub and hotel . Carmarthenshire council leader , Emlyn Dole , said the development would `` create an exciting new waterfront area for the town '' . `` The project has an emphasis on design quality and sustainability which will set a standard for other future developments to meet '' , he said .	A harbour-side site has been offered for sale in Carmarthenshire to encourage regeneration in the area .
They were taken while the vehicles were parked overnight outside Caernarfon ambulance station in Gwynedd over the Easter weekend . The Welsh Ambulance Service said the `` reckless '' and `` hugely irresponsible '' vandalism could put lives at risk . The under-pressure service said it meant the vehicles could not respond to 999 calls . It urged anybody with information to contact North Wales Police .	Two emergency ambulances had to be taken off the road after thieves stole the blue lights from the vehicles .
The Barwell Stand will replace the Sturtridge Pavilion which has overlooked the pitch at Franklin 's Gardens for 50 years . When finished it will increase the capacity of the stadium by 1,900 to accommodate more than 15,500 people . It is hoped the club will be able to encourage a Heineken Cup quarter final once the work is complete . To do that , rules state the ground requires a minimum capacity of 15,000 . A club spokesman said extra space was needed as it had operated at an average of 98 % capacity during the past five years ' Premiership matches . The all-seated stand will include a new hospitality suite , members ' bar and improved disability access . Access to the stadium is being diverted via Abbey Street while the work is carried out . It will be built in time for the 2015-16 season .	Work to build a new stand at the home of Northampton Saints rugby club has begun .
17 February 2017 Last updated at 11:31 GMT If you have , did you stop to think whether or not it was telling the truth before you shared it ? Newsround has been investigating ..	Have you ever shared news online or talked about it with your friends ?
A second pedestrian , an 82-year-old woman , was seriously injured in the incident . Police said she was in a stable condition in Raigmore Hospital in Inverness . The crash happened at about 15:30 on the town 's Academy Street , which forms part of the trunk road . Police have appealed for witnesses .	The 80-year-old woman killed by a lorry in an accident on the A96 in Nairn on Thursday was Margaret Ritchie , from Inverurie , police have said .
The petrol bomb was thrown at a house in Alfred Street Place at about 03:45 BST on Friday . A window in the house was smashed and scorch damage caused to an exterior wall . `` This attack has caused a great deal of shock to the family involved and the wider community of Ballymena , '' DUP MLA Paul Frew said . `` Thankfully nobody was injured in this attack , but we could have a very different story emerging from this area today . '' Police have appealed for anyone with any information about the attack to contact them .	Four people , including an 11-year-old boy , have escaped injury after a petrol bomb attack in Ballymena .
Officers have identified the girl , found at Orrell Water Park in Wigan early on Saturday , as Ellen Higginbottom . She had been reported missing on Friday after she failed to return home from Winstanley College , where she studied . Greater Manchester Police said some of Ellen 's friends had told them she had been last seen at the nature reserve . Police said a post-mortem test concluded her death was caused by `` multiple wounds to the neck '' . Her disappearance was `` extremely out of character '' , police have said . Det Supt Howard Millington appealed for information , saying : `` We have a clearer picture of what may have happened to Ellen , but we are still piecing together her exact movements in the lead-up to her death . `` Someone out there knows who did this , or they know it was them , and we will not stop until we find them and bring them to justice . '' Police previously said there was a report two young women were followed by two men in the area on Thursday . `` Attacks of this severity are thankfully incredibly rare , but that in itself makes this all the more shocking , '' said Det Supt Millington , adding that `` things like this do n't happen in Orrell '' .	An 18-year-old student found dead at a beauty spot was killed by `` multiple wounds to the neck '' , police said .
20 November 2015 Last updated at 07:01 GMT She is a cancer nurse in Gaza 's main hospital , Al-Shifa . Every day she deals with fall-out of the on-going conflict between Israel and Gaza 's ruling party , Hamas . Living in a place with a failing economy means she faces daily electricity and supply shortages at work . `` Sometime we go for two or three months without pay , '' she says . `` But this does n't make me want to do my job any less , because it 's not the patient 's fault . '' 100 Women 2015 This year 's season features two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 's 100 Women and others who are defying stereotypes around the world . Like us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram using the hashtag # 100Women .	At the age of 27 , Azza Jadalla has already lived through six wars .
Guy Wildenstein and seven other defendants were accused of trying to hide millions of euros in assets . The presiding judge of a Paris court said there had been a `` clear attempt '' at concealment . But he acquitted them because of shortcomings in both the investigation and French tax fraud legislation . Guy Wildenstein gave a rare interview three months ago in which he denied wrongdoing and said he hoped he would not be made into a `` scapegoat '' . The Wildenstein family estate includes famous paintings , Caribbean properties , racehorses , and a Kenyan ranch . The level of secrecy around the family fortune was first uncovered in the late 1990s during messy divorce proceedings between Guy 's brother Alec and his then-wife , Jocelyn . Ten years later in 2008 , after Alec 's death , Guy Wildenstein declared an inheritance of $ 61m ( Â£50m ; â‚¬57m ) . But repeated claims by other women who had married into the family led investigators to look again at the Wildenstein finances in 2010 .	The patriarch of an international art-dealing dynasty has been cleared of concealing paintings and properties from the French tax authorities .
Hollywood director Steven Spielberg will help design the Beijing Universal park , the company said on Monday . The park is being developed with local state firm Beijing Tourism Group . Universal is the latest US firm to enter China 's fast-growing entertainment sector after rivals Walt Disney and DreamWorks Animation . The company did not say when the theme park would open , but reports say it will be in 2019 . Both Disney 's $ 4.4bn theme park and DreamWorks ' $ 3.1bn entertainment complex with Chinese partners are expected to open in 2016 in Shanghai . Film studios are in a big rush to build theme parks in the world 's second-largest economy as a rapidly-growing middle class is spending more money on entertainment and travel . In April , Disney said it was increasing investment in its Shanghai Disney theme park by another $ 800m after striking a deal with a Chinese joint venture partner . Growth in China 's entertainment and media market is expected to more than double from 2013 to $ 148bn by 2015 , according to a PricewaterhouseCoopers global study .	Universal Studios will open its first $ 3.3bn ( £2bn ) Chinese theme park after 13 years of trying to enter the booming entertainment market .
Although it is a far cry from the severe wintry conditions of 2010 , some roads have been closed . Parts of the M6 around Shap and Tebay were among the areas worst affected . A small number of schools were closed , and police have urged motorists to allow extra time for journeys .	It might be springtime , but it certainly does not look or feel that way for those living in the higher parts of the north of England where snow has settled .
The Mountain Goat , which is based on one of the original chassis from 1895 , was delivered to Gwynedd from Derbyshire where it was built . It follows the Snowdon Lily , a similar carriage which was introduced in 2013 . The Mountain Goat arrived at Llanberis station on Wednesday morning .	A new £150,000 steam carriage has been lifted into place by crane at Snowdon Mountain Railway .
The 25-year-old , dropped after averaging 16 in his only two Tests in 2012 , faces competition from Jonny Bairstow for the three-Test series in the United Arab Emirates . `` Three years of experience have helped . I know my game better , '' Taylor said . England play Pakistan A on Monday , the first of two two-day tour games before the first Test starts on 13 October . Taylor 's highest score in two Tests against South Africa in 2012 was 34 . However , he averaged 49.55 for Nottinghamshire in the County Championship this summer , including a career-best 291 against Sussex . He hit his maiden international century and finished as the second highest run-scorer in England 's one-day series against Australia in September . `` I 've scored the volume of runs I was asked to , to get back in the side , '' he said . `` I also have the confidence of knowing I 've scored runs against the best sides in the world . '' `` It has been a frustrating few years . Getting those knock-backs - when I thought I was going to get selected and was n't - kind of drive you forward and spur you on that bit more . ''	England batsman James Taylor says he is ready to return to Test cricket against Pakistan after a three-year absence .
Julia Holmes , who is in her 60s and is known to use false identities , was charged with two counts of fraud by misrepresentation totalling Â£18,000 . She was on court bail but failed to return to court in January 2011 . A warrant was issued for her arrest . Police believe she was most recently in the Galway area of the Republic of Ireland . However , they have said she could be in any one of a number of places . She is about 5ft 5ins tall with blue eyes . She has been known to change hair colour and style . Anyone who has been in contact with her , or thinks they may know where she is , is asked to contact CID at Bangor PSNI Station on 0845 600 8000 , or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111	The police have appealed for help in tracing a woman who has absconded after being charged with fraud .
The grey granite block at St Alkmund 's Church , Whitchurch , was consecrated by the Bishop of Shrewsbury earlier . The rector , Rev Canon Judy Hunt , said the Baby Loss Memorial was in the newly extended Garden of Remembrance . She said an inquiry in Shrewsbury recently highlighted the `` difficulty for families if they do not have their babies ' ashes '' . The inquiry , which published its report earlier this month , found failures at Emstrey crematorium resulted in ashes being lost . Ms Hunt said Shrewsbury had its own memorial but she expected the one in Whitchurch would be visited by bereaved families from north Shropshire and south Cheshire , some who may have `` lost babies decades ago '' . Sarah Elsley , who lost her unborn daughter 17 weeks into her pregnancy , had the idea of creating the memorial in the town and said fundraising for it over several months had helped bring people together . `` It affects so many people and I was thinking if it 's going to help me how many other people is it going to help ? '' she said . `` People do n't talk about baby loss and it has got the community talking and I think it has brought quite a lot of people together . ''	A new memorial for babies who have died before or soon after birth has been unveiled at a Shropshire church .
Police are trying to trace the driver after the pensioner , who has not been named , suffered head and leg injuries on a trip home from Tesco on Oystermouth Road , Swansea . It has been linked to a similar incident when Eirwen Ferguson , 85 , was injured in a taxi from the same store . The council said it was also investigating . The daughter of the 100-year-old woman said she was hurt in the four-mile ( 6.4km ) drive . `` He was chopping and changing lanes and came to a sudden halt because there was a car in front of him , '' she said . `` She was sitting behind the driver and catapulted forward and hit her head on the top of the seat . His seat moved backwards and she screamed . She injured her leg . '' She claimed her mother knocked her head a second time after the driver `` hit the kerb '' , adding she required medical treatment for bruising on her head and a haematoma on her injured leg . A South Wales Police spokesman said : `` All efforts to trace the taxi and the driver have proved unsuccessful . Anyone who knows the identity of the taxi or the driver is asked to call police . ''	A 100-year-old woman has been injured in a `` fast and furious '' taxi drive home which left her `` terrified '' .
He starred in plays , TV series and films . One of his most popular roles was as the father in the 2013 comedy The Noble Family , in which he makes his three spoiled children believe he has cut them off from the family fortune so they are forced to get a job . He had also starred for two decades in the play Senora Presidenta . In Senora Presidenta ( Et ta Soeur , in the French original ) he played not one , but two female roles , and often added political quips to the script . After Vega was diagnosed in 2010 with myelodysplastic syndrome , a form of bone marrow cancer , he temporarily retired from acting to get treatment . His daughter Marimar announced last week that he would not return to acting after his health had deteriorated . Vega , who was born in Mexico City in 1946 , became an actor after studying philosophy . His two daughters , Marimar and Zuria , also chose acting as their careers . He died in Mexico City with his daughters , son Gonzalo and wife Andrea at his side . Mexicans expressed their condolences to the family under the hashtag # GonzaloVega , where many also fondly recalled his most popular roles .	Mexican actor Gonzalo Vega has died aged 69 , the Mexican Cinematographic Institute announced on Monday .
Rebecca Fox was in labour and being taken to hospital by her mother Sandra on Thursday when she realised her baby was coming sooner than expected . They pulled into Chiswick police station 's car park where they were joined by a police staff member and a PC , and Bobby was born in the car . The Met Police said both mother and child are doing well . Staff member Jacky Brosnan said she `` heard a lady outside in the car park shouting '' so she looked out of the window `` and there was another younger woman in the car with her feet on the dashboard '' . She then rushed downstairs , grabbing PC Holly Foran along the way , and they went out to help . `` Within two minutes a baby boy was born , '' she said . A doctor who happened to be passing checked over Ms Fox and her baby before they were taken to hospital by ambulance .	A baby who was unexpectedly born outside a west London police station has been named Bobby by his mother .
Lambert , from Gateshead , sustained multiple injuries after coming off his 1,000cc Kawasaki machine at Greeba Castle . He crashed on lap three of the six-lap race on the Mountain Course . It is understood the race continued while Lambert received treatment at the side of the road . Marshals waved yellow flags for the remainder of the race urging riders to slow down in the area . Lambert was making his TT debut , but had previously competed at the Manx Grand Prix over the same course . The Superbike race was won by Yorkshire racer Ian Hutchinson , - his 15th TT victory , making him the third most successful solo rider in the event 's history .	English rider Davey Lambert is in a critical condition in hospital after crashing in Sunday 's opening Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT event .
The Grade II-listed Kirklees Museum in Crows Nest Park , Dewsbury , closed in November because of austerity cuts . The Red House in Gomersal , which has close links to the Brontes , is due to close on Wednesday . Kirklees Council said 30 % of each building could be used for commercial ventures . It is hoped community groups will come forward to run the buildings but , if not , they could be sold on the open market . The council said any loaned objects will be returned to their owners or put in secure storage , while people who have permanently donated objects can be reassured they will remain in the care of Kirklees Museums and Galleries . The reorganisation of the museum service is expected to save £531,000 . Councillor Graham Turner said : `` We know the public support our plan to find new and innovative ways for them to view the collections . `` Museums are not just about buildings , it 's about using the collections to tell the story of our past and how they influence what we do today . '' The deadline for expressing interest or submitting an outline business case is 6 March and a decision will be made on 3 April .	Community groups have been asked to take over the running of two museum buildings in West Yorkshire , one of which had a £1m renovation in 2010 .
Many of the pets have been killed in their own homes by meat , laced with rat poison or insecticide , that has been tossed over walls and gates . Several stray animals are also thought to have been killed . It is unclear if the police has the resources to investigate the deaths . Hermosillo , an industrial city of some 800,000 people in northern Mexico , is plagued by violence and drug crime . The poisonings came to light in mid-March . According to the Associated Press news agency , the authorities were stunned when 10 dog deaths were reported in a single day - as many as the city usually registers in a month . `` Everyone here believes that it is only one person performing these actions , '' animal rights activist Carolina de la Torre told AP . According to the agency , a Los Angeles-based actor , Raul Julia Levy , has offered a $ 10,000 ( Â£6,700 ; â‚¬9,200 ) reward for information leading to an arrest . Local media have nicknamed the person responsible , `` mataperros '' - `` the dog killer '' .	More than 60 dogs - many of them pets - have been poisoned to death in the last few weeks in the Mexican city of Hermosillo , leading to demands for an inquiry from animal rights activists .
More than 58 % backed the move towards greener power sources in a referendum on Sunday . Switzerland has five ageing nuclear power plants , which provide a third of the country 's energy needs . There is no date yet to decommission the facilities , but the country will now aim to increase reliance on sources like solar , wind and hydro power . Opponents had warned the move away from nuclear energy would cost too much money and lead to the landscape being `` disfigured '' . But the president of Switzerland 's Green party , Regula Rytz , hailed the vote as a `` moment of historic change '' . `` The Swiss population has said 'no ' to the construction of new nuclear power plants and yes to the development of renewable energy , '' she added . `` The conditions have also been set whereby the economy and households will need to take responsibility for the future . `` It 's absolutely magnificent . '' The Swiss government first proposed phasing out nuclear energy in favour of renewables after Japan 's Fukushima plant was destroyed in a tsunami in 2011 . The vote now paves the way for them to move ahead with the plan , beginning in January 2018 . However , a referendum which asked if people wanted to limit the nuclear plants lifespan to 45 years failed to get enough support in November .	Switzerland has voted to phase out nuclear power in favour of renewable energy .
Kirkdijk , 21 , has played in the Champions League for Twente as well as winning domestic honours with the Eredivisie Women side . The defender has scored five goals in 88 games for the Dutch club . `` I was really impressed at the club 's vision for the future , '' Kerkdijk told the club website . `` I believe this is the best place for me to grow and develop as a player . ''	Netherlands international Danique Kerkdijk will join Bristol City Women from FC Twente following next month 's European Championships .
The Wildlife Trust said despite puffins being at risk of extinction in the UK , Skomer was still the best place to see them in southern Britain . It added this was due to monitoring of numbers and breeding success . Its puffin monitoring this year counted more than 21,000 on Skomer - up 3,000 from last year . `` The only impact we have seen locally that may be attributable to climate change is the effect of heavy storm events causing increased mortality , events such as these may be increasing in frequency , '' a spokesman said .	Pembrokeshire 's Skomer Island has not seen the same decline in puffin numbers as elsewhere in the UK and northern Europe , a wildlife charity has said .
The fixture will take place at 20:00 BST on Tuesday , 13 June , three days after England face Scotland in a World Cup 2018 qualifier at Hampden Park . The last time the teams met , in November 2015 , England beat France 2-0 at Wembley in an emotional friendly in the aftermath of the Paris attacks . France won 1-0 in the last meeting at the Stade de France , in March 2008 . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	England will play France in a friendly at the Stade de France next June , the Football Association has announced .
Three locations in Maesteg were hit on Thursday evening , according to South Wales Fire and Rescue Service . Four properties are understood to have been flooded on Church Street along with a restaurant on Commercial Street . The fire service said the flooding had subsided by about 20:30 BST .	Flash flooding has affected several properties in Bridgend county .
Construction company Wills Bros John Paul JV had sought a way to make further use for cones damaged or surplus to its requirements . The firm is building new dual carriageway on the A9 near the Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig . For several years , the park 's staff have used old cones and hard hats as toys for its bears and tigers . Food can be stuffed into traffic cones for the animals to work out how to retrieve . The park near Aviemore has three polar bears called Walker , Arktos and Victoria . Work on the new dual carriageway between Kincraig and Dalraddy was commissioned by Transport Scotland and started 10 months ago . Keith Brown , secretary for economy , jobs and fair work , has welcomed the construction company 's decision to put unwanted gear to new uses . He said : `` The contractor should be congratulated for exploring opportunities to dispose of this material in such an innovative way . ''	More than 50 traffic cones have been donated as playthings for a zoo 's three polar bears .
The 22-year-old son of former Newport director of rugby Lyn Jones started his career with the Dragons , playing in 25 games for the Pro12 club . His last appearance came as a substitute in a 27-11 defeat by Treviso on 23 September . `` We are pleased to be able to bring in someone with Luc 's ability , '' Quins director of rugby John Kingston said . `` Following an unfortunate injury to Calum Waters , it was important to secure the necessary depth at scrum-half ahead of a period of international unavailability . ''	Harlequins have signed former Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Luc Jones on a three-month deal .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 16 August 2015 Last updated at 10:47 BST This is the latest in a summer of volcanic activity , with the last eruption just four days ago . The Colima volcano is also known in Mexico as the Volcano of Fire . It 's an active volcano , and has erupted around 30 times since 1585 . Local villages have been covered in ash and some people have had to leave their homes . The eruption was captured by a fixed web camera , which was placed there in 2013 to monitor the volcano 's eruptions . Pictures from webcamsdemexico.com .	Mexico 's Colima volcano has been firing out plumes of smoke and hot ash in a series of small eruptions .
Owners Balfour Beatty said the airport will shut on Wednesday after it was unable to find a buyer . The firm said it had been making a loss for a number of years and it was ending its involvement in regional airports . BAE Systems said it was in talks with a number of operators to offer short-term use of its aviation facilities . The company 's site in Warton , Lancashire , has an operational airfield and air traffic control . In a statement BAE Systems said : `` We are disappointed with the recent news that Blackpool Airport is to stop flying operations until a new owner can be secured . `` We are in discussion with a number of operators from Blackpool Airport to see if we can provide some short-term business continuity to them without affecting our operations . '' Jet2 transferred its flights from Blackpool to Manchester on Friday . Blackpool Council is exploring the potential for turning the airport into an enterprise zone . Balfour Beatty , which bought the site in 2008 , put it up for sale in August . About 110 staff are employed at the airport , which served 235,000 passengers last year .	Defence giant BAE Systems has offered help to aviation operators who are based at the soon-to-be-closed Blackpool Airport .
The woman , in her 30s , fell from a homeless resettlement centre in York , early police inquiries suggest . Officers were called to the Peasholme Centre , Fishergate at 00:20 GMT , to reports of a sudden death . The two arrested men , aged 48 and 50 and both from York , are in police custody for questioning . Forensic officers are examining with the scene , with a police cordon expected to be in place for the rest of the day .	Two men have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after the death of a woman who fell from a second floor window .
Helen Bailey , 51 , was last seen at around 14:45 BST on Monday walking her dog , a miniature Dachshund , near her home in Royston , Hertfordshire . She is described as slim and with long black hair . It is not known what she was wearing at the time disappeared . Police want help tracing the Northumberland-born author , known for the Electra Brown series for teenagers . She is also known for a blog which she began writing after her husband drowned while the couple were on holiday in Barbados in 2011 . The blog , Planet Grief , was later turned into a book . She has connections to Kent , London and around her home village of Ponteland in Northumberland , Hertfordshire Police said . Anyone who knows of her whereabouts is asked to call the non-emergency number 101 .	Concerns are growing for the welfare of a children 's author who has been missing for nearly a week .
The Ministry of Defence is investing £135m in new facilities in preparation for the arrival of the F-35B Lightning II aircraft next year . The money will pay for a new hangar to house 12 of the jets and and provide vertical landing pads . Two existing runways and taxiways will be resurfaced . Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon said : `` This contract will ensure that RAF Marham has the facilities to match this world-class aircraft when it arrives next year . `` Throughout the F-35 programme , British firms have won major contracts creating thousands of jobs . `` The contract to improve the runways and taxiways as well as installing new landing pads will bring local jobs to Marham . '' Last year it was announced the government was investing £167m in centres for aircraft training and maintenance at RAF Marham . Due to open in 2018 , three new buildings on the site will provide training facilities for pilots and ground crews .	A multimillion-pound contract to support the new fast jets at RAF Marham in Norfolk has been unveiled .
Daniel Young , 30 , was killed in Kendor Gardens at about 08:00 GMT as he was making his way to a new job . Police said a 37-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder on Tuesday . He remains in custody at a south London police station . Two other men who were held over the attack have been bailed . Mr Young , originally from Paignton in Devon , was on the way to his second day working at Coventry University 's London Campus International when he was attacked . Police have called the killing a `` senseless murder of a brilliant young man '' without `` a clear motive or reason '' . Detectives said they are still investigating a second stabbing near Kendor Gardens on the same day when a 23-year-old man was stabbed in the buttocks . However , a Scotland Yard spokesperson said the two attacks had `` not been linked forensically or evidentially '' yet . Police have released CCTV footage showing Mr Young 's last steps as he made his way to work . They have appealed to anybody who was in in the vicinity at the time to contact them .	A third man has been arrested over the murder of a university lecturer who was stabbed to death near Morden Tube station during rush hour on 19 January .
The 21-year-old sprinter , who won Olympic bronze as part of Britain 's 4x100m women 's relay team at Rio 2016 , said she was `` gutted '' to miss out . `` What are the odds ! '' she tweeted . `` Last session before the Grand Prix , last reactive jump , and I land awkwardly on my foot and fracture it . '' She added : `` So upset and frustrated but it was a freak accident , one of those unavoidable things in life I guess . Comeback starts now . '' On Thursday , heptathlete Katarina Johnson-Thompson also withdrew from the event , because of a hamstring strain . You can watch all the action from the Barclaycard Arena on BBC One from 13:15 GMT on Saturday 18 February .	Dina Asher-Smith suffered a broken foot in her final training session before the Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix and has been forced to pull out of Saturday 's event .
It is one of four projects undertaken by the cathedral in the run-up to its 900th anniversary in 2018 . The Very Reverend Charles Taylor , Dean of Peterborough , said he was delighted with this `` public vote of confidence in our plans '' . The Heritage and Education Centre will be based at 25 Minster Precinct . Robyn Llewellyn , head of Heritage Lottery Fund East of England , said : `` The heritage centre has the potential to provide fantastic insight into the rich and varied heritage of the cathedral and its precincts , making this fascinating story more accessible to the wider community . '' The centre will also offer better facilities for the cathedral 's education programme . The cathedral plans to apply for a further Heritage Lottery grant at a later date .	Peterborough Cathedral 's plans to build a heritage centre are a step closer after receiving a £320,900 Heritage Lottery grant .
The two men , Sergei Cherepanov and Mikhail Antyufeev , had been captured by an unidentified group in the town of Zalingei in January . They had been working for UTair , which runs aircraft for the joint UN-African Union peacekeeping mission in Darfur . The two men appeared to be in good health when they met reporters at Khartoum airport . Russian officials said no ransom had been paid to secure their release , which had been achieved without violence . The kidnappers and their equipment are now `` under the control '' of the security forces , said Lt Gen Taj al-Sir Othman , a senior officer in Sudan 's security agency . Darfur has been the scene of a deadly conflict between the government and three rebel movements since 2003 . A UTair helicopter with the UN mission in neighbouring South Sudan was shot down last year and three of its crew were killed .	Two Russian pilots taken hostage in Sudan 's Darfur region in January have been freed , Russian officials say .
According to the local Boundary Commission , the number of seats will reduce from 18 to 17 . This is fewer than the two seat reduction initially proposed in 2011 . The change will have a knock-on impact on the future number of MLAs , which is being cut from six to five representatives per constituency in 2021 . If Northern Ireland has 17 constituencies that would mean the reduction in the number of MLAs will be from 108 to 85 , not 90 as previously assumed .	A new review of the boundaries of Northern Ireland 's parliamentary constituencies has begun .
Dale took the lead against the run of play just before half-time when Ashley Eastham headed in from Donal McDermott 's cross . Joe Bunney turned in Rochdale 's second from close range after the visitors had failed to clear a corner . And Nathaniel Mendez-Laing slotted home to seal the win and extend Dale 's unbeaten run to three games . The result leaves Keith Hill 's side eighth in the table , four points outside the play-off places , while Blackpool are two points adrift of safety in 21st . Rochdale manager Keith Hill told BBC Radio Manchester : Media playback is not supported on this device `` I 'm pleased with the player 's application and attitude . These games now are n't about technical ability or tactics , this is about endeavour pride and sacrifice and putting everything into a game . `` At this time of the season , whether you 're fighting relegation or trying to get promoted , that 's all it 's about - heart . `` Results are important not performances , but in the second half I thought we put in an excellent performance . ''	Rochdale boosted their League One play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over relegation-threatened Blackpool .
The veteran politician died last week aged 84 following a short illness . His family said in a statement that he wanted his body to be left to the University of Edinburgh for research , followed by a private interment . A memorial service is due to be held at St Michael 's Parish Church in Linlithgow on Friday 24 February at 13:00 . A further service will be held in London at a date yet to be announced . Mr Dalyell spent 43 years as an MP after being elected to represent West Lothian in 1962 . The Old Etonian baronet became MP for Linlithgow 21 years later and was named Father of the House - the longest continuously serving MP - in 2001 . He became known for his formulation of the `` West Lothian Question '' about the role of Scottish MPs after the establishment of the Scottish parliament . Tributes were paid to him from across the political spectrum after his death was announced on 26 January . Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn called him a `` titan of parliamentary scrutiny '' , while Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said he was a `` real giant '' of Scottish politics .	Former Labour MP Tam Dalyell 's body will be given to science , his family have revealed .
The Ecuadorian damaged his right fibula in a Europa League qualifying tie in July . Valencia , 25 , scored four goals in 32 Premier League games last season . Midfielder Alex Song , 28 , who is yet to make an appearance this season because of an ankle injury , is `` a maximum of three weeks away '' , according to Bilic . Valencia apologised to the club and its medical staff in August after claiming he had been `` forgotten '' by the Hammers in a radio interview after his injury . Striker Andy Carroll , 26 , and defender Angelo Ogbonna , 27 , are available for Saturday 's trip to Crystal Palace ( 15:00 BST ) after recovering from injuries . Left-back Aaron Cresswell , 25 , and defender Winston Reid , 27 , have minor knocks and are rated at 50/50 for Saturday .	West Ham striker Enner Valencia is `` a couple of weeks '' away from returning to full fitness , says Hammers boss Slaven Bilic .
Flitney , 32 , has had spells at Barnet and Gillingham and spent time at National League South side Whitehawk this season . The National League side have not disclosed the length of his deal . Ex-Brentford , Stevenage and Gillingham man Julian , 33 , joined the Ravens from Dartford in January 2015 . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Bromley have signed former Eastleigh goalkeeper Ross Flitney after accepting a transfer request from fellow keeper Alan Julian .
Jonathon Edwards , 21 , was last seen at his Caernarfon home on 19 March . His body was found on the Gwynedd mainland side of the water on Tuesday and his family has been informed . His death is not being treated as suspicious and North West Wales coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones has been informed .	A body found on the shoreline of the Menai Strait in north Wales has been identified as that of a missing man .
Last summer the club was taken over by a consortium of local businessmen led by Phillips after millionaire owner Thea Bristow left Plainmoor . That takeover led to budget cuts that have seen the Gulls struggle near the bottom of the National League . `` We 're talking to people and it 's at a reasonably advanced stage , and that 's all I can say , '' Phillips said . `` I can not go in public and say who they are , or what they 're doing , I just can not do that . `` When it 's all gone through then the fans will be the first to know , '' he added to BBC Radio Devon . Torquay 's financial problems have been well-documented this season , with the club closing its youth academy , manager Kevin Nicholson claiming that some of his players were contracts that were worth `` less than the minimum wage '' and the Gulls boss having to double-up as the team 's bus driver . `` It 's at a very delicate stage , '' added Phillips . `` I would love all the fans to know exactly what was going on , but that 's just impossible . ''	Torquay United are in `` advanced '' talks about a possible takeover , according to chairman David Phillips .
The steak was in 30 boxes which were stolen from the shop on the Dreen Road some time between 20:30 GMT on 16 December and 07:00 GMT on 17 December . A power washer and cash were also taken . Police want to hear from anyone with information about the burglary or from anyone who is offered meat for sale `` in unusual circumstances '' . `` Aside from the criminal aspect of purchasing stolen meat , there are also some very obvious health implications for anyone consuming meat from a non-reputable source and we would strongly advise against this on that basis as well , '' Ch Insp Stephen McCauley said .	Steak worth £7,000 has been stolen in a break-in at a butcher 's shop in Cullybackey , County Antrim .
22 December 2015 Last updated at 08:44 GMT The Falcon-9 rocket , with 11 small satellites onboard , came back to earth in an upright position , a short distance from where it took off at Cape Canavarel in Florida . It was the first time an unmanned rocket has returned to land vertically at Cape Canaveral and is seen as a huge success for SpaceX . The company is trying to bring down launch costs down and to open up space to more people . Billionaire company owner Elon Musk put a message on social media after touchdown saying `` Welcome back , baby ! '' `` It 's a revolutionary moment , '' He later told journalists `` No one has ever brought a booster , an orbital-class booster , back intact . '' But although it was a test flight to see if they could bring the rocket back safely - the mission also had a practical purpose . The rocket actually put 11 satellites into space . But not all their launches have been so successful . In June an unmanned SpaceX rocket exploded after blast off as it was heading to the International Space Station . No one was onboard and no was was hurt . The craft , an American Falcon-9 SpaceX rocket , was carrying supplies of food and equipment to the astronauts on the space station . An investigation is underway to find out what went wrong .	The private space technology company SpaceX has successfully landed a rocket back on land after a mission into orbit .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 31 March 2014 Last updated at 02:27 BST It is one of the hardest places to launch a business , but the Indian government has pledged to make it easier for overseas business people to start up operations in the country . But what are the pitfalls of trying to establish yourself in a totally new country and culture ? The BBC 's Sameer Hashmi reports from Mumbai on two expat businesses . Watch India Business Report .	Entrepreneurs from the US , UK and other nations are increasingly looking to set up businesses in India .
Lady Carnarvon of Highclere Castle , near the border of Hampshire and Berkshire , said : `` I am so sad . `` Unfortunately with our winter rain fill , it has rained and rained , we have duck ponds rather than grass fields . '' The event , which has been going for a decade , is usually held to raise money for Naomi House hospice . Lady Carnarvon said : `` I started it as a girlfriend , who lives in Belvoir Castle , said she did one and I thought , what a good idea . `` I visited Naomi House hospice and thought , what a fantastic charity , that 's why I began it . `` We have raised quite a lot of money for them over the years . '' She said last year there were `` thousands '' of cars , which would not have been able to park on the wet ground . She told BBC Radio Berkshire : `` We realised in December there was no way it was going to dry up , as Easter is so early . `` Hopefully we can do it next year as Easter is later . Then we can really have a wonderful day again . ''	An annual charity Easter egg hunt in the ground of the castle used as the location for Downton Abbey has been cancelled to due a long , wet winter .
Aldo Saucedo , 19 , fatally wounded 18-year-old Natalie Tavares during an altercation outside the nightspot in Dallas early on Sunday morning . Witnesses said his fight with another man at the Tiger Cabaret Club spilled outside . Mr Saucedo allegedly got a gun from his car and tried to shoot the man . The shots missed the man and accidentally struck Ms Tavares , said police . She was taken to the city 's Baylor University Medical Center where she was pronounced dead . The shots also hit another female bystander , who was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries . Mr Saucedo was arrested at the scene and is facing murder and aggravated assault charges .	A Texas man has been arrested after allegedly shooting his girlfriend dead while aiming for another man during a fight outside a strip club .
The Scotland United Against Austerity event in George Square took place as a demonstration was staged in London . Organisers of the London event said the protests would be the biggest for years . The Scottish Trades Union Congress ( STUC ) joined forces with the Peoples ' Assembly , which organised the protests . Speaking at the rally , STUC general secretary Grahame Smith told BBC Scotland : `` We know austerity does not work . `` It is not a sensible economic policy . `` It is entirely about ideology and it is about protecting the position of the already privileged in society . '' The trade union leader added : `` We have seen over the past few years the impact of austerity : growing queues at food banks ; people being thrown out of their house because of the bedroom tax ; and the unprecedented decline in real wages . `` But at the same time we have seen the rich getting richer . That 's the impact of austerity and that 's why we oppose it . '' Mr Smith said the vast majority of the people in Scotland and across the UK did not vote for the Tory government and he questioned the legitimacy of its cuts . Other speakers at the rally included Larry Flanagan , general secretary of the Educational Institute of Scotland , and Pat Rafferty , Scottish secretary of Unite .	Thousands of people have attended a rally in Glasgow to protest against austerity .
Clients will be given the choice to move to HSBC 's retail arm . The future of the wealth management unit 's 70 staff will be decided early next year , when it is due to close . It follows the lead of RBS and Morgan Stanley , which have sold their onshore private operations in Asia 's third-largest economy . Despite the growth in the number of multi-millionaires and a fast-growing wealth management market in India , it has been hard for foreign banks to attract business . Indian companies can appeal to investors in small as well as large cities . They are not weighed down by high costs and international regulatory restrictions . In June , HSBC chief executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank was going to cut thousand of jobs from its global workforce as part of his restructuring programme . Since taking over his role in 2011 , he has sold scores of businesses and taken on more compliance staff to deal with the increased regulatory oversight of the industry . An HSBC spokesperson in India said : `` This marks further progress in the HSBC group strategy to simplify business and deliver sustainable growth . '' The bank employs about 32,000 people in India , where it offers corporate , retail and investment banking services .	HSBC is closing its private banking arm in India , where the increasing number of wealthy individuals has led to intense competition for their business .
Viridor will build the plant at its landfill site in Dimmer near Castle Cary to reduce the amount buried there . The station will compact rubbish and send it to Oxfordshire and Avonmouth . Traffic studies have shown lorry trips will drop overall , but the B road via Clanville will be busier as waste is carried away for incineration . The decision was approved by four votes to three at Somerset County Council on Thursday .	A waste processing station in Somerset to compact rubbish for incineration has been approved despite local concerns over increased traffic levels .
10 March 2017 Last updated at 06:43 GMT It 's the first time in more than 100 years that a non-league side has got this far in the competition . Players from Lincoln 's youth academy tell us what their club 's extraordinary success means to them .	Lincoln City are taking on Premier League giants Arsenal in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Saturday .
Some 200 staff work in Cardiff on factual shows including X-Ray , Bargain Hunt and Crimewatch , and on dramas filmed at the Roath Lock studios in Cardiff Bay . It is understood factual will suffer most of the losses . BBC Studios has announced plans to cut around 300 staff across the UK as part of an efficiency drive . Director of BBC Studios Mark Linsey said : `` A strong , creative and competitive BBC Studios is crucial to maintaining the BBC 's role as one of the world 's great programme makers - and we are committed to delivering the best content in all our genres . `` These plans will ensure we can compete successfully in the future . ''	Twenty-seven jobs are being lost in Wales as part of a restructure of the BBC 's production arm , BBC Studios .
Holroyd , 30 , arrives on a one-year deal from Macclesfield Town , having scored 13 goals last season - his best return in four years with the Silkmen . Left-back Jennings , 29 , played the second half of last season on loan at Wrexham from Cheltenham Town . His performances persuaded boss Dean Keates to make the move permanent and Jennings joins on a two-year contract .	Wrexham have strengthened for next season by signing forward Chris Holroyd and defender James Jennings .
The 31-year-old , who joined City from Roma 's rivals Lazio for £16m in 2010 , was left out of Thursday 's 2-0 friendly defeat by Manchester United . After the game , City boss Pep Guardiola said : `` I do n't like working with people who do n't want to stay . He has a big chance to go to Roma . `` He has said he wants to leave . I wish him all the best . '' Full-back Kolarov , a Serbia international , has played 247 times for City . This summer City have signed right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham , with the club keen to add Real Madrid 's 26-year-old full-back Danilo , also a target for Chelsea . They have also been linked with a bid for Monaco left-back Benjamin Mendy , while a move for Dani Alves broke down as the 34-year-old joined Paris St-Germain .	Manchester City defender Aleksandar Kolarov will be allowed to leave to pursue a move to Serie A club Roma .
Dolton Powell , 21 , died after a party at the All Nations Community Centre in Gloucester on 23 August last year . But prosecutors said they would review the murder charges earlier this month , following a recent Supreme Court ruling on the joint enterprise law . It was confirmed at Bristol Crown Court on Monday that the murder charges will remain . Supreme Court judges had ruled joint enterprise - which has allowed people to be convicted of murder even if they did not inflict the fatal blow - had been wrongly interpreted for more than 30 years .	Charges against eight people accused of murdering a man in Gloucester last year will be pursued , a court has heard .
Former Ospreys back-row Collins and partner Alana Madill died in a crash in France in June . Collins , capped 48 times by the All Blacks , would have turned 35 on Wednesday . Jerome Kaino , Dan Carter , Sonny Bill Williams , Ma ' a Nonu and Liam Messam visited his grave after returning to New Zealand having won the World Cup . Although Collins and Madill died in the crash , his baby daughter , Alya , survived and now lives with her mother 's family in Canada . Fly-half Carter wrote on Instagram : `` Good to share this one with the brother . Love you JC . ''	New Zealand 's World Cup winners have visited the grave of ex-team-mate Jerry Collins with the Webb Ellis trophy .
The student was found with the makeshift weapon last Friday and officers from West Midlands Police are investigating . It follows a similar report that saw a 12-year-old boy cautioned at another Birmingham school on 11 November . `` These appear to be isolated offences , '' said Insp Beth Bridges . `` I want to reassure people that this is n't something that we 're seeing on a daily basis . `` We encourage parents to speak with their children about the dangers and consequences of carrying weapons , and be vigilant . `` Unfortunately these makeshift items have been seen elsewhere in the country in the past and we want to send a strong message that it is illegal to carry such weapons . ''	A highlighter pen with a pencil sharpener blade attached to it was confiscated from a boy at a Birmingham school , police have said .
The Resolve scheme is less than two years old . It is thought to be the first of its kind to emerge that is linked to the loyalist paramilitary organisation . Criminal Justice Inspection 's Brendan McGuigan said the scheme was making a useful contribution . `` It is very significant in the sense that it is the first of the schemes to come forward with links from the UDA constituency , '' he said . `` Community-based restorative justice schemes have been operating now for approximately 16 to 17 years , but have only been formally accredited over the last nine years . '' `` Some of them are from republican backgrounds , others are from loyalist backgrounds , but mainly the UVF ( Ulster Volunteer Force ) constituency as opposed to the UDA . ''	An east Belfast community restorative justice group with links to the Ulster Defence Association ( UDA ) has taken the first step towards being fully recognised by the government .
An Audi A3 collided with the 18-year-old man at the junction of Abbey Street and Mercian Way , Derby , on Tuesday . The driver failed to stop but was later arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving . He has since been released on bail . The cyclist died in hospital . Police are appealing for anyone with information to call them .	A man has been arrested for allegedly failing to stop after a cyclist suffered fatal injuries in a crash .
Cowan-Hall , 25 , left Adams Park a year ago , but has played just 11 games in total for the Lions , 10 from the bench . He had a month with Bristol Rovers at the end of last year , making three appearances without scoring . `` We 're delighted to have Paris back with us . We all know what he brings to the team , '' Chairboys manager Gareth Ainsworth told the club website . `` He 's the type of player to get the fans on their feet , running at defenders and creating chances , and I 've no doubt that he can recapture the form that he showed us during his first spell . '' The London-born forward began his career at Portsmouth and moved to Wycombe after stints with Grimsby , Scunthorpe , Rushden & Diamonds , Woking and Plymouth .	Wycombe Wanderers have re-signed winger Paris Cowan-Hall on loan from Millwall until the end of the season .
Environmental group Gower Society has drawn up a list of organisations with lighting systems which `` annoy '' stargazers . It claims light pollution is stopping the Gower Peninsula from being awarded dark sky status . A Swans spokesman said the club was working to sort out lighting concerns . The society 's list includes farms , caravan parks and a number of rugby grounds as well as the Swans ' training ground at Fairwood . It claimed the sites do not comply with Swansea council 's efforts to control light pollution . But Gower Society chairman Robin Kirby said it has received a sympathetic hearing from the Swans . `` In fairness they are looking at it , they are treating it seriously , '' he said . The council said that although Gower was not currently a dark sky designated zone , a survey carried out some years ago suggested that it could become one , if problems are sorted out .	Light from Swansea City AFC 's training ground is preventing the night sky above Gower from being granted special protection , it has been claimed .
The hole , estimated to be about 15 ft ( 4.6m ) deep , opened up in Hutcliffe Wood Road , Millhouses , on Sunday . The route has been closed , with knock-on delays in the Abbeydale Road area . Staff from Sheffield City Council have attended the scene , and engineers are assessing the extent of the damage . It is not yet known how long the road will remain closed . BBC Look North reporter Phil Bodmer said people have speculated that old mine workings under the road may have become unstable . Read live updates on this story and more from across Sheffield and South Yorkshire A spokesman for the council said staff were working `` as quickly and safely as possible '' to re-open the road as soon as possible . Diversions have been put in place .	A large sinkhole in a road in Sheffield continues to cause widespread traffic delays .
1 August 2016 Last updated at 14:11 BST The whale can be seen `` lunge feeding '' . It swims through a shoal of fish with its mouth wide open , bursting through the surface of the water . Conservationists believe Humpbacks are returning to former feeding grounds as the global population recovers .	Lee Watson , a volunteer with British Divers Marine Life Rescue ( BDMLR ) , spotted a Humpback whale near Newburgh beach in Aberdeenshire .
Skelmersdale could get two direct trains to Liverpool per hour and an hourly service to Manchester , Councillor John Fillis said . Lancashire council has a Â£1m fund to develop a more detailed proposal with Network Rail and Merseytravel that could eventually cost under Â£4m . Mr Fillis said the planned station would `` extend the opportunities available to local people '' . He added the proposal could be Lancashire 's largest bid for the government 's Growth Deals , which provide money to local enterprise partnerships ( LEPs ) . `` Our initial feasibility study shows that connecting Skelmersdale to the rail network should deliver good value for money . '' The rail link is part of a `` wholesale reconfiguration '' of the town 's transport network , which aims to improve bus services , cycling and walking links , he said .	A West Lancashire town could get a rail station as part of new transport plans .
The US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) says global sea temperatures were fractionally higher than for June last year while land temperatures tied . Its global temperature records date back 137 years , to 1880 . Most scientists attribute the increases to greenhouse gas emissions . They also say climate change is at least partially to blame for a number of environmental disasters around the world . The combined average temperature over global land and ocean surfaces for June was 0.9C above the 20th Century average of 15.5C , the NOAA said in its monthly report . Last year was the hottest on record , beating 2014 , which had previously held the title .	Last month was the hottest June ever recorded worldwide , and the 14th straight month that global heat records were broken , scientists say .
BG said pre-tax profits for the full year were $ 2.97bn ( Â£2bn ) , compared with a loss of $ 2.3bn in 2014 . On a quarterly basis , BG 's losses improved from $ 8.3bn in the final quarter of 2014 to a loss of $ 1.17bn for the same period in 2015 . BG 's results have been affected by the falling oil price . BG Group 's chief executive , Helge Lund , said : `` We are pleased to have delivered an excellent operational performance in 2015 with results in line with , or ahead of , our guidance for the year . `` This strong operational performance is the result of the capability and commitment of our teams across the organisation and we will deliver a high-performing business into the combination with Shell . '' BG 's results come in the same week as those from other energy giants , BP and Shell . Both maintained their dividend payout to shareholders . BG said its shareholders would receive Shell 's 2015 fourth-quarter dividend and would not receive a further BG Group dividend for 2015 . Shell 's fourth-quarter dividend is 47 cents per Shell share , which is equivalent to 20.93 cents per BG Group share .	Oil and gas firm BG Group , whose takeover by Royal Dutch Shell is almost complete , has reported a rise in its final full-year earnings .
It has been shortlisted for television drama , director ( Gareth Bryn ) , actress ( Mali Harries ) and actor ( Richard Harrington - who won last year ) . The awards - that recognise Welsh talent across film and television production - are awarded in Cardiff on 2 October . Welsh-made BBC drama Sherlock received three nominations . In the factual category , Tim Rhys Evans ' All in the Mind - which focuses on mental health - also has three nominations for a single documentary . Swansea Sparkle : A Transgendered Story and Iolo 's Brecon Beacons both also received three nominations in that category . Others nominations include Aneurin Barnard in the actor category for his role in War and Peace and Catrin Meredydd for production design on Jekyll and Hyde . The awards will be given out at Cardiff 's St David 's Hall .	TV crime drama Hinterland has received nominations in four categories ahead of the 25th annual Bafta Cymru awards .
The former Liverpool and Stoke player , 32 , has been a free agent since leaving Wigan at the end of last season . `` Because we have had a game every three days we have n't had enough training to test his quality precisely , '' Luzon told BBC London 94.9 . `` He has a lot of experience . We will see and take a decision . '' Pennant joined the Latics in February on a short-term deal and scored three goals in 13 outings as Wigan were relegated from the Championship . The former Arsenal , Birmingham , Real Zaragoza and FC Pune City man was offered a new contract but decided to leave the DW Stadium . Luzon has signed seven players so far this summer and could still strengthen his squad before the transfer window closes on Tuesday . `` We have time and if we have the chance , financially , to bring quality players to the squad , we will do it , '' he said .	Charlton Athletic head coach Guy Luzon is considering offering a deal to winger Jermaine Pennant , who is currently training with the Addicks .
England go into the game on the back of a dramatic victory over South Africa knowing another win would boost their hopes of reaching the last four . `` We need to go into that game with the right mindset , '' said Morgan . `` Focusing on anything else at the moment , given that there are two group games left , would be a little bit naive , actually stupid . '' He added : `` Our priority is on winning . This is a big game and we are certainly not taking Afghanistan for granted . They 're a dangerous side and play a really exciting brand of cricket . '' Listen : 5 live 's cricket podcast Media playback is not supported on this device Morgan , whose team did a session in the Delhi nets on Tuesday , has also yet to make a decision on whether England will play three spinners in the game , as predicted by Moeen Ali on Monday . `` I 've been quite surprised with the look of the pitch , '' he said . `` There 's a lot more grass than I would have thought . `` We 're a little bit unsure how it will play so we will have to leave team and various plans until match day . We are considering maybe an extra seamer or an extra spinner and seeing how that would affect the game . ''	Captain Eoin Morgan says England will not take Afghanistan for granted in the World Twenty20 on Wednesday .
Officials say the fires , fuelled by high winds and dry weather , destroyed 1,200 houses in 30 towns and villages . Firefighters have now managed to extinguish the flames , the Rossiya 24 TV news channel reports . They were helped by water-bombing aircraft . Five cases of alleged criminal negligence have been opened . At least 5,000 people have fled to emergency accommodation . Authorities in the Khakassia republic - part of the Russian Federation - have decided to ban alcohol sales while the state of emergency continues in the region . There are suspicions that farmers burning grass in their fields were to blame .	Wildfires have killed at least 15 people and injured about 400 in the Khakassia region of southern Siberia , Russian media report .
Flynn , 61 , was the Swansea boss who masterminded the club retaining their Football League status on the last day of the 2002-03 season . He has since worked with the Wales age-grade teams and was caretaker boss of the senior side for two games . During eight years in charge of the Wales under-21s , Flynn oversaw the progression of Gareth Bale , Aaron Ramsey , Joe Allen and Wayne Hennessey . Several of the youngsters went on to form the nucleus of Chris Coleman 's Euro 2016 semi-finalists . Flynn , who played for Wales 66-times , was a firm favourite at the Vetch Field and cemented his legacy when they retained their Football League status on the final day of the 2003 campaign with a 4-2 win over Hull City . Port Talbot-born Flynn , who played for Burnley , Leeds United and Cardiff City , has also managed Wrexham and Doncaster Rovers .	Former Swansea City manager Brian Flynn is returning to the club as a scout .
Media playback is not supported on this device After Paul Mariner 's opener for England , local hero Mickey Thomas and striker Ian Walsh gave Wales a half-time lead . Leighton James , Wales ' goal hero in their win over England in 1977 , scored Wales ' third before England defender Phil Thompson 's own goal rounded off the win for the hosts . Catch BBC Wales Sport 's `` Wales : The Road to the Euros '' - our very special documentary on the history of Welsh football - on BBC iPlayer .	As Wales and England prepare for their Euro 2016 clash , we remember when Wales secured a memorable first home victory for 25 years over their old rivals with a 4-1 hammering at Wrexham in 1980 .
The first assault happened in Derby Road , Lenton , near Hill Side at about 08:00 BST on Sunday , and the second in Woodyard Lane , Wollaton . The boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , is accused of two attempted rapes and three sexual assaults . He has been remanded in custody and will appear at Nottingham Magistrates Court on Friday . Both victims are being supported by specialist officers . A 17-year-old boy arrested earlier has been released without charge .	A 16-year-old boy has been charged over two sex attacks in Nottingham that took place within 30 minutes .
An index of homebuilder sentiment in the US showed optimism at its highest level since the housing boom a decade ago , helping drive a turnaround after stocks initially opened down . The Dow Jones rose 67.78 points , or 0.4 % , to 17,545.18 . The Nasdaq climbed 43.46 points to 5,091.70 , while the S & P 500 jumped 10.9 points to 2,102.44 . Shares in online retailer Zulily jumped nearly 50 % to $ 18.74 after John Malone 's Liberty Interactive said it was buying the company for $ 2.4bn . Estee Lauder shares fell 6.8 % after the cosmetics maker reported lower-than-expected sales in the company 's fourth quarter . Revenues fell 7.4 % to $ 2.52bn .	( Close ) : US markets closed higher after positive data on homebuilding helped to boost investor optimism .
19 March 2015 Last updated at 10:25 GMT It shows two people on a road that leads to an alleyway behind the chef 's home in York and was taken the night she disappeared . BBC Look North 's John Cundy spoke to Det Supt Dai Malyn and Claudia 's father , Peter Lawrence .	Detectives looking for the killer of Claudia Lawrence have released new CCTV footage to coincide with the 6th anniversary of her disappearance .
The 58-year-old tumbled from Striding Edge towards Nethermost Cove , on Helvellyn , at 13:30 BST on Wednesday . Patterdale Mountain Rescue Team was taken to the summit by The Great North Air Ambulance to help the casualty , who was then flown to hospital . The `` difficult '' five-hour rescue involved 18 rescue team members . With a 950m ( 3,117ft ) summit , Helvellyn is England 's third highest peak .	Mountain rescuers were called to the summit of a Lake District mountain during a thunder-storm after a man was injured in a fall .
Wicket-keeper Chris Cooke is missing after taking a knock to the head in nets and batsman Will Bragg is also unfit . Perth-born Cardiff MCCU captain Tom Cullen , 25 , will replace Cooke behind the stumps . Durham are without Test opener Keaton Jennings , who is on England Lions duty , He will be replaced in the Durham side by fit-again youngster Jack Burnham . It will be the first four-day meeting between the sides at Chester-Le-Street since 2004 , with Glamorgan winning the last three Championship encounters on the ground . Glamorgan are also without Timm van der Gugten because of Netherlands commitments , with South African paceman Marchant de Lange set to return after being rested for the win at Worcester . Durham from : Cook , Steel , Burham , Richardson , Collingwood ( capt ) , Clark , Pringle , Coughlin , Poynter ( wk ) , Potts , Weighell , McCarthy , Rushworth , Harding . Glamorgan from : Selman , Rudolph , Salter , Ingram , Donald , Lloyd , Wagg , Cullen ( wk ) , de Lange , Hogan , Carey , Morgan , Murphy .	All-rounder Graham Wagg is set for his Glamorgan comeback after groin surgery in the Championship match at Durham .
Aberystwyth University 's Prof Neil Glasser spent nearly two months in 2011 working in the area around James Ross Island where the glacier was found . The UK 's Antarctic Place-Names Committee said its decision reflected Prof Glasser 's contribution to polar science . The ice sheet on the island will now be called the Glasser Glacier . The new name will be added to the British Antarctic Territory Gazetteer and is available for use on all maps and charts and in all publications . The glacier stretches for 1.5km and is 500m across ( 0.9 miles and 1,600ft across ) . Professor Glasser said : `` I am really honoured to have this glacier named after me . We spent seven weeks on fieldwork in this area of Antarctica in 2011 . `` On all our maps and publications it is called 'un-named glacier ' but it is great to know that from now on it will be known as Glasser Glacier . ''	An expert on global ice sheets is being honoured by scientists who are naming an Antarctic glacier after him .
Szasz had trailed two-time world champion Fiamingo 11-7 during the second period . But she fought back to win 15-13 and earn Hungary a third gold medal in the women 's epee in the last five Olympics . Earlier , China 's Yiwen Sun took bronze , beating Lauren Rembi of France , also by a score of 15-13 , at Carioca Arena 3 . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Emese Szasz delivered Hungary 's first gold medal at Rio 2016 with victory over Italy 's Rossella Fiamingo in the final of the women 's individual epee .
It said in a statement that views on commentary were subjective but that `` we do appreciate that over-talking can irritate our audience '' . It added that it hoped it had achieved `` the right balance '' across its coverage and was `` of course sorry if on occasion you have not been satisfied '' . Tim Henman and John McEnroe were among the ex-players offering punditry . Pat Cash , Boris Becker , Lindsay Davenport and Greg Rusedski also commentated on matches during the two-week tournament . `` The aim of our commentary team was to inform our audience and give context to the matches we showed , '' the statement added . It said the `` diversity of the team itself added balance and insight where necessary '' and that views on commentary were subjective . A BBC spokesman said the corporation had received more than 100 complaints about `` excessive '' talking . Viewers also logged on to the Points of View website to complain .	The BBC has apologised after viewers complained about `` over-talking '' by its commentary team during Wimbledon .
The 24-year-old played 40 games and scored six goals for the Essex club in the National League last season , helping them reach the National League play-off semi-finals . Gulls player-manager Kevin Nicholson said : `` Dan 's very hungry to prove himself in a full-time environment . `` He 's very quick and direct , plus his delivery into the box is very good . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Torquay United have signed Dan Sparkes following the winger 's exit from Braintree Town .
The men forced their way into the house in Graham Road , Brucehill , Dumbarton , at about 23:45 on Wednesday . They threatened the 29-year-old woman and demanded money before running off with cash and some of her belongings . Police said the gun was not fired during the robbery and the woman was not injured but was left in a very distressed state . Det Sgt Darren Munogee said : `` This was obviously a very frightening experience for the young woman who thankfully was not physically injured during this incident . `` Our inquiries are under way to establish the exact motive for this robbery , however , we believe that this was not a random attack and that the property was the intended target for the culprits . `` I 'd also like to reassure the public that there will be an increased police presence in the Dumbarton area and anyone who has any information that could assist our inquiries is asked to contact Police Scotland . ''	Police are attempting to trace two men who threatened a woman with a gun in her home while carrying out a robbery .
The former chief executive of William Hill bookmakers is likely to remain until a successor is appointed in July . He said his time in the post had been `` an enormous honour '' . `` I am hugely grateful to the people who have made it such an enjoyable seven years , '' said Topping , who plans to focus on other business interests . `` The SPFL has made significant progress in recent seasons , despite the many pressures and challenges of being Scotland 's national sport and I believe it is in a stronger position than for several years '' , he continued . `` The smooth amalgamation of the SPL [ Scottish Premier League ] and the SFL [ Scottish Football League ] in 2013 , the successful restructuring of the SPFL 's cup competitions and the major advances in club fees are three prime examples of the professional game in Scotland working together for the greater good and I 'm sure that the SPFL will continue its current upward progress in the years ahead . '' SPFL chief executive Neil Doncaster said Topping had `` earned the respect of senior boardroom figures throughout the Scottish game '' .	The chairman of the Scottish Professional Football League , Ralph Topping , is to leave after seven years in the job .
Police were called to Leadenhall Street to reports of a stabbing , and an ambulance took the wounded man to hospital in the early hours of Sunday morning . He was described as in a `` life-threatening condition '' and died at 03.41 GMT on Monday . Next of kin have been informed . Police believe a group of men were arguing inside the Caravaggio restaurant before leaving the venue and fighting in Leadenhall Street and St Mary 's Axe . Four men , aged 24 to 28 , were arrested at the scene and have been bailed . Detective Chief Inspector John Osibote , of the City of London Police 's major crime team , said : `` I would appeal to anyone who witnessed the argument inside Caravaggio or who saw a group of black males fighting in Leadenhall Street to come forward and speak to detectives . `` The victim went out on Saturday night to attend a party and has lost his life in a needless , violent act . ''	A murder investigation has been launched after a 23-year-old man was stabbed in the stomach in the City of London .
The man was making his way down the `` fast lane '' on the A4119 in Llantrisant by mistake , South Wales Police said . Officers arrived and made sure the area was safe following the incident on Saturday evening . The man was taken to Royal Glamorgan Hospital for treatment , police said .	A man in an electric wheelchair was stopped by police after being spotted on a dual carriageway in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 11 November 2014 Last updated at 17:18 GMT Craig Spencer , an American doctor who became the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in New York , has been declared free of the virus . He worked for Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) in Guinea and tested positive after he returned to the US . The countries hardest hit by the Ebola crisis - Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone - are on the brink of a major food crisis , Hilal Elver , the UN special rapporteur on the right to food , has warned . Here is the latest Ebola news for Tuesday 11 November - in 15 seconds .	Morocco will not host the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations because of its fears over the Ebola outbreak elsewhere on the continent , the Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) has confirmed .
The money will be available for councils and housing associations to improve homes , as well as creating jobs and training opportunities . There is a five year target for bringing 200,000 social homes up to quality and safety standards . But Plaid Cymru said there was no `` additional money '' in the announcement . Improvement work could include replacing boilers to new kitchens and bathrooms . More than two thirds of social housing in Wales - nearly 150,000 homes - meet the 2020 quality target . Housing minister Lesley Griffiths has already signalled her intention to end right to buy in Wales to prevent the loss of local authority housing stock . Ms Griffiths said : `` Investment in people 's homes has a far reaching impact - it is vital in improving the nation 's health and creating jobs and training opportunities . '' She added the Welsh government was also investing more than £400m in affordable homes . However , Plaid Cymru housing spokesperson Jocelyn Davies said the £100m cash announced on Tuesday was simply `` money that is distributed every year to bring social housing up to standard '' .	More than £100m is to be spent on improving Wales ' stock of social housing , the Welsh government has announced .
They are 22nd in League One with four games to go , three points below Gillingham , Shrewsbury and Bury , who are all just above the drop zone . The Robins host 13th-placed AFC Wimbledon on Friday before Monday 's trip to face 14th-placed Walsall . `` The next two games in four days are massive , '' Branco told BBC Points West . `` It is where we are going to decide where will be next season . '' After four straight defeats in March , struggling Swindon have picked up seven points from their past three games . The Wiltshire club beat promotion hopefuls Millwall and Fleetwood 1-0 , both with late goals , before a late Jonathan Obika equaliser earned them a draw against Milton Keynes Dons on 8 April . `` If you asked most people four games ago , everyone was saying Swindon are down to League Two , '' Brazil-born Branco added . `` Now we are just three points off . So everyone is believing . '' Swindon have played in the third tier since winning promotion from League Two in 2012 .	Swindon defender Raphael Rossi Branco says their two matches during the Easter weekend will decide which league the club will play in next season .
The 22-year-old joins for an undisclosed fee , reported to be £11.44m ( 13m euros ) plus add-ons . The Benin international , who scored 14 goals in 32 starts for Montpellier last season , has signed a four-year deal . The Terriers have also signed full-back Scott Malone from Championship side Fulham on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee . Huddersfield have broken their transfer record three times in a fortnight . Porto striker Laurent Depoitre joined for £3.5m on 23 June before Manchester City midfielder Aaron Mooy was signed for an initial £8m last week . Huddersfield head coach David Wagner said : `` Steve has real physical attributes that should be perfect for the Premier League . `` We have met and I know he is a great character , '' Wagner added . `` At just 22 years old , he is only going to improve too . Given what he is already capable of , that is very exciting . '' Mounie has been capped seven times by Benin , but does not require a work permit as he has dual French nationality . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Huddersfield Town have signed striker Steve Mounie from Montpellier for a club record fee .
Of 402 incidents reported to the anti-discrimination body last season , 68 related to homophobic , biphobic and transphobic abuse - a rise of 4 % . Ten thousand of the booklets have been issued as part of Kick It Out 's `` Call Full Time On Hate '' campaign . The guidance they contain is designed to help `` effectively challenge '' abuse . The booklets include information on what homophobic , biphobic and transphobic discrimination is and the role stewards and safety officers can play in reporting such behaviour . `` It is important that Kick It Out continues to raise awareness of the issues which still blight our national game , '' said Roisin Wood , the body 's chief executive . `` These topics have long been taboos in the game , but thanks to the proactive work of campaigners we are beginning to see the football community recognise the positive impact LGB & T inclusion is having on the sport . ''	Stewards at football grounds across England have been given pocket guides on combating homophobic abuse as part of a Kick It Out initiative .
Cromarty Firth Port Authority wants permission to transfer millions of tonnes of crude oil at sea in the Moray Firth . Campaigners around the Moray Firth and nearby Cromarty Firth oppose the plan . CFPA has been asked to withdraw an application it made in 2015 for the work but is expected to make a new one . The Maritime and Coastguard Agency has asked CFPA to withdraw the application for a licence for the ship-to-ship transfers , according to Ms Forbes , MSP for Skye , Lochaber and Badenoch . The port authority said earlier this month that it was modifying its application `` in response to the concerns raised over the past 12 months '' . It insists the transfers can be carried out safely and protecting the environment was of paramount importance . Campaigners dressed in dolphin and shark costumes held a demonstration outside the Scottish Parliament earlier this month .	Communities along two Scottish firths have the chance of a second public consultation on planned ship-to-ship transfers of oil , says MSP Kate Forbes .
Police say John Sabine , who would now have been 85 , is believed to have moved to Trem-Y-Cwm , Beddau , Rhondda Cynon Taff in February of that year . His wife Leigh Ann Sabine , died from cancer on 30 October 2015 , aged 74 . DNA confirmed his identity and his injuries were consistent with assault . Mr Sabine was never reported as a missing person and the circumstances of where the body was concealed is part of the ongoing investigation . Police are also investigating the financial activities of the couple who have estranged children . They have been located and informed .. South Wales Police Det Ch Insp Gareth Morgan said : `` This is an extraordinary set of circumstances and we are working tirelessly to put together the pieces of what is a complex investigation . `` We would appreciate hearing from anyone who knew John and Leigh ( Ann ) Sabine and who may have socialised with them or met them back in 1996-1997 . `` We would also appeal directly to the community in and around Trem-Y-Cwm to contact us with any information they may have in relation to the plastic wrapping that Mr Sabine was concealed in . '' Anyone with information should call 101 .	A skeleton found in plastic wrapping in the garden of a block of flats was that of a man who was last seen in 1997 and his late wife is the main suspect in the murder investigation .
He was the first player to sign for the club in 2011 and has made over 160 appearances , scoring nine goals . `` There is no doubt this is the right time for someone else to take on the challenge and drive the team and club forward , '' he told the club website . `` At times the pressure of captaining the club has been the reason for my availability for fixtures when my body and mind have not been ready . '' Manager Tony Vance has yet to decide on a new captain . `` It is clear how proud he was to be captain and he fulfilled the role to an optimum level . Whilst he will no longer wear the armband for us , I do n't believe his attitude and commitment will change , '' Vance said . Guernsey FC finished 13th in Isthmian League South Division in 2015-16 .	Defender Sam Cochrane has given up the captaincy of Guernsey FC .
The 26-year-old joined the Turkish club from AEK Athens last summer , signing a one-year deal . But the Blue Dragons were relegated from the top-flight after a season in which Sarris made 26 appearances . Sarris could make his debut in Saturday 's final Scottish League Cup group game against Livingston . Accies are short of cover in central defence , with Jesus Garcia Tena having picked up a knee ligament injury that will rule him out for most of the season . Player-manager Martin Canning is also ruled out of the Scottish Premiership side with a broken cheek bone . Canning had attempted to sign Sarris last summer , but the Greek accepted the more lucrative offer from the Turkish club . Sarris began his career with Ergotelis in his homeland but moved to AEK in 2014 and made nine appearances - eight of them starts - for the Greek top-flight club .	Greek centre-half Georgios Sarris has signed a two-year contract with Hamilton Academical after leaving Kayseri Erciyesspor .
South Central Ambulance Service said it called in the service from 21 December to ensure it met critical calls . Fire appliances , with trained trauma technicians and defibrillators onboard , were sent if it was quickest . In a two-and-a-half week period over Christmas the fire service attended 240 critical calls . Firefighters responded to a medical call every 30 minutes at peak times and performed CPR on numerous occasions . Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue 's chief fire officer Dave Etheridge said : `` Our staff have made this transition successfully , from the call handling to arriving at scene and assessing the patient up to the final handover to ambulance crews . '' The fire service , which is continuing to answer ambulance calls , said sharing responsibilities had not affected its ability to tackle its own emergencies .	Fire engines have been used to respond to emergency ambulance call outs in Oxfordshire following a surge in demand over the Christmas period .
The 41-year-old woman , from Pyle , and the 52-year-old man , from Porthcawl , were arrested on Sunday . South Wales Police is treating the death at Monks Close as suspicious and has appealed for anyone with information to call 101 . Officers were called to the scene shortly after 06:00 GMT .	Police are continuing to question two people on suspicion of murder following the death of a 46-year-old man in Pyle , Bridgend county .
The ONS found that companies with more than 50 employees had significantly higher output per worker than smaller firms between 2008 and 2014 . It also found that only the biggest companies - those employing more than 250 employees - still have lower productivity than they did in 2008 . Low productivity has been partly blamed for the low wage growth since 2008 . Separate reports from the ONS have showed UK productivity is lagging considerably behind the other industrialised countries in the G7 . The analysis only covered non-financial businesses , which account for about two thirds of the UK economy . Firms with fewer than 10 workers have seen the fastest productivity growth since 2009 . The ONS said the relatively fast growth among the smallest businesses may be due to , `` changes to working patterns and practices or as a consequence of some unproductive firms ceasing trading , sometimes referred to as the 'cleansing ' effect of a downturn '' .	Productivity is better in bigger firms , according to analysis from the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) .
Spanish media are reporting the 70-year-old is in a `` serious but not critical '' condition in hospital after the quad bike he was riding collided with a car on Wednesday . Nieto won 13 titles and 90 Grands Prix in a 22-year career between 1964 and 1986 . `` All our thoughts today are very much with Angel Nieto , '' said MotoGP .	Thirteen-time Spanish world champion Angel Nieto has been involved in a quad biking crash in Ibiza , says MotoGP .
The 82-year-old singer 's death was `` sudden , unexpected and peaceful '' , Robert B Kory said in a statement . No cause was given by the family when Cohen 's death was announced last week . The statement said that Cohen died on 7 November - three days before an announcement was made to the public . He was buried in Montreal on 10 November . `` With only immediate family and a few lifelong friends present , he was lowered into the ground in an unadorned pine box , next to his mother and father , '' the singer 's son Adam Cohen wrote last week . Leonard Cohen 's representatives say a memorial in Los Angeles is being planned . Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau led worldwide tributes to the singer , who was known for songs including Hallelujah , Suzanne , Bird on the Wire and I 'm Your Man . He released his 14th album , You Want It Darker , just last month .	Canadian singer , songwriter and poet Leonard Cohen died in his sleep after falling during the night at his Los Angeles home , his manager has said .
The 31-year-old was fourth at the Games in Delhi in 2010 and was part of Team GB at London 2012 . `` The news of this anti-doping rule violation has come as a great shock to me , '' he said in a statement . `` From the outset , I would like to state that I have not knowingly taken any banned substance . '' UK Athletics has confirmed that Warburton has the opportunity to respond to the charges against him and can also have the charges determined at a full hearing before the National Anti-Doping Panel . `` I recognise that the responsibility for this situation lies with me and I 'm committed to working with UK Anti-Doping and will fully cooperate in the legal process , '' Warburton said . `` I 'd like to take this opportunity to wish the best to all my team mates heading to the Commonwealth Games and apologise that I wo n't be able to join them as part of Team Wales . '' Team Wales Chef de Mission Brian Davies said : `` Team Wales can confirm that one of the competitors selected for the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games has been provisionally suspended after being charged with committing an anti-doping rule violation . `` As a result Gareth Warburton will no longer be able to compete at the Games . ''	Welsh 800m runner Gareth Warburton is out of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow after being charged with anti-doping rule violations .
The 31-year-old winger , who played two Tests for England in 2008 , has combined playing with coaching the club 's academy since the start of this season . `` There is so much excitement surrounding the club at present and I want to be a part of what we are striving to achieve , '' he said . Scrum-half Brendan McKibbin and back Greig Tonks have also agreed new deals . McKibbin , 31 , and Tonks , 27 , have also re-signed with the Exiles for an undisclosed period . Ojo recently passed 400 career points and 80 tries for Irish as they look to make an immediate return to the Premiership .	London Irish record try-scorer Topsy Ojo has signed an undisclosed contract extension with the Championship club .
Martin Surl said the force would look smaller in the future with changes being brought in ahead of expected budget cuts . A single neighbourhood command is to replace six existing policing areas . PCSOs will start to be deployed beyond their own neighbourhood policing area if they are the nearest resource . Mr Surl , who unveiled the changes , said : `` I have to say that when I took office some aspects of the constabulary were not in a great shape in Gloucestershire . `` Now , the organisation is far more stable than it was . Even though the financial picture is tricky , we know where we are and our books balance . `` I 'm not worried about it unduly . So I think we have managed to consolidate some of the gains we 've made and can look forward to the future '' . Chief Constable Suzette Davenport said : `` We need to improve public satisfaction and confidence in our force and ensure we can deliver the quality service we aspire to provide . `` A new way of working is a crucial means for us to deliver this aspiration . '' The first changes , which were announced following a two-year review of the force 's operating methods , are expected to take place early in the new year .	Gloucestershire 's Police and Crime Commissioner has announced the biggest re-organisation of policing in the county in 40 years .
The incident happened about 20:30 on Saturday in the Riverside Road area , close to Victoria Park . A 28-year-old man , thought to be a pillion passenger , suffered a serious head injury and is being treated in the Western General Hospital in Edinburgh . The rider left the scene and police said they wanted to speak to him or anyone who witnessed the accident . Sgt Vincent Fisher said : `` This incident has left a young man with serious injuries and we are very keen to trace the rider of the motorcycle . `` If you saw this incident , or the off-road motorcycle around the time of the crash , or have any information that can help us with our inquiries , please get in touch . '' Get live news updates for the Scottish Borders and Dumfries and Galloway throughout the day on our south of Scotland live page .	A pillion passenger has been seriously hurt in an accident involving an off-road motorbike in the Scottish Borders .
Police said the driver of a Vauxhall Zafira `` failed to notice a stationary vehicle '' on Coychurch Road , Pencoed , swerved and struck three children . It happened at about 14:00 GMT on Saturday . One was taken to Princess of Wales Hospital , Bridgend , and another to Cardiff 's University Hospital of Wales , while the third , aged 11 , was unhurt . The two injured children suffered cuts and bruises and were kept in hospital overnight for observation only . South Wales Police is investigating .	Two 10-year-olds were taken to hospital after a car mounted a pavement and hit them .
The archipelago is officially part of Tanzania but has its own government . Zanzibar was given unanimous approval at Caf 's general assembly on Thursday and its Football Association will now have a vote on continental issues . It means Caf now has 55 full members and is equal with Uefa as the biggest of Fifa 's six confederations . Zanzibar was previously an associate member , allowing its clubs to play in Caf competitions but its national team was excluded . Tanzania soccer federation president Jamal Malinzi had called for Zanzibar to be admitted .	Zanzibar has been admitted as a full member of the Confederation of African Football and will be able to play in Africa Cup of Nations qualifying .
McGregor , 35 , is on loan from Hull City until the end of the season . Ex-Wales goalkeeper Dibble is full of praise for the Scotland international , who has made 13 appearances for the Bluebirds . `` He 's been absolutely fantastic the way he approaches training and games , '' Dibble said . `` Yes , we would love to have him long term . That 's up to the powers that be with the financial side . `` But he would be one on our radar definitely . He 's a model professional . '' McGregor had fallen behind Eldin Jakupovic and former Cardiff number one David Marshall in Hull 's pecking order before joining Cardiff in January .	Cardiff City goalkeeping coach Andy Dibble would like to see Allan McGregor remain at the club beyond the end of the current season .
Over 15,000 competed in categories including singing and dancing at the Urdd at Llancaiach Fawr in Nelson . The Urdd began in 1922 to help young people learn and socialise in the Welsh language . It has become one of Europe 's biggest youth festivals . Next year 's week-long event will be held in Flintshire .	More than 88,600 visitors attended an annual Welsh youth festival in Caerphilly county , up 2,300 compared with last year in Gwynedd .
Media playback is not supported on this device Known as 'Auntie Jane ' and 'Auntie Nerys ' , the pair , who are both grandmothers in their 60s , have worked voluntarily to teach generations of local children to swim and gain their swimming badges , whilst giving many the opportunity to learn life-savings skills in a rural area which includes many lakes and rivers . `` We had no idea we 'd won . It was a complete shock but it 's marvellous , '' said Ellis . Take a look at Get Inspired 's handy guide to volunteering to see how you too can get involved .	Two farmers from Llanrwst , Jane Roberts and Nerys Ellis , have jointly won the 2015 BBC Wales Get Inspired Sports Unsung Hero for their work with Llanrwst Swimming Club .
Five people were immediately killed by the leak on Sunday , while another five died later in hospital , said local authorities in a post on Weibo . Officials are investigating the cause . China has tightened industrial safety regulations following a chemical blast in Tianjin that killed 140 people . Local authorities named the company responsible for Sunday 's leak as Zouping County Shandong Fukai Stainless Steel Company . They added that the seven survivors were in stable condition . The Tianjin blast in August decimated a large part of the city 's port . The high-profile incident reignited nationwide concerns about industrial safety and proximity of industrial areas to residential districts .	A gas leak at a stainless steel factory in the eastern Chinese province of Shandong has killed 10 people and poisoned seven others , authorities said .
The gas was found by wardens at HMP Woodhill , in Milton Keynes , who spotted the `` suspect package '' on the visitor in the prison 's search area last Saturday afternoon . The Ministry of Justice ( MoJ ) confirmed `` an unauthorised item was successfully intercepted '' before the visitor entered the prison itself . It said it took `` a zero tolerance approach to contraband in our prisons '' . A spokeswoman confirmed police were investigating the discovery . The incident happened on 21 May was documented in an internal prison report seen by the BBC . The report said the `` police attended and the visitor was arrested '' . HMP Woodhill is a category A prison which can house up to 819 inmates .	A visitor tried to smuggle tear gas into a prison , the BBC has learned .
Mr Evans has been accused of two counts of indecent assault , five of sexual assault , and one of rape against seven male alleged victims . A provisional trial date of 10 March next year was set for the 55-year-old MP by Preston Crown Court . Mr Evans was bailed and is due to appear next at Preston Crown Court on 24 January . The indecent assaults are alleged to have been committed between 1 January 2002 and 1 January 2004 , the sexual assaults allegedly between 1 January 2009 and 1 April 2013 , and the alleged rape between 29 March and 1 April 2013 . The MP for Ribble Valley in Lancashire resigned as deputy speaker of the House of Commons after being charged in September . Mr Evans was a Conservative MP before becoming deputy speaker , a politically neutral role , but he has not sought to return to the Conservative fold in the Commons and will continue to represent his constituents as an independent . He has been MP for the Ribble Valley constituency since 1992 .	A trial date has been set for ex-Commons deputy speaker Nigel Evans MP to face sex offence charges .
Lenuta Ioana Haidemac had been reported missing and her body was found in a house on Drummond Road on Friday evening , Lincolnshire Police said . The 28-year-old , who lived in Lincoln , was last seen being dropped off in the road a week ago . Casey Scott , 29 , of Drummond Road , was remanded when he appeared at Lincoln Magistrates ' Court .	A man has been charged with murder after the body of a woman was discovered at a house in Skegness .
Relatives said Simon Gorecki , 47 , was `` warm , bright and loving '' and had `` optimism , even where there was little to be found '' . His body and that of Natasha Sadler , 40 , were found at Dickens Avenue on 29 March . Foster Christian , 53 , also of Dickens Avenue , is due at Maidstone Crown Court on 5 April , charged with their murder . Mr Gorecki 's family said he was `` infectiously fun to be with '' and added : `` He leaves behind so many who loved him , and of course his children who will miss him more than any of us can bear . `` As a family , our task is to now celebrate his life , and to support each other as we try to come to terms with the loss of his life . '' Kent Police said post-mortem results were provisional and would not be released . Last Friday officers charged Naomi Toro , 35 , of Keyworth Mews in Canterbury , with assisting an offender . Another woman , aged 18 , who had been arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice , was released on bail until 3 May .	A family has paid tribute to a man who was one of two people found dead at a house in Canterbury .
Mr Ma has insisted he did not break any laws as he was merely fulfilling his duty as head of state . If found guilty , he may be jailed for up to three years for each charge . The criminal charges are in addition to a separate legal case relating to the same matter in 2013 . Mr Ma 's eight-year presidency ended in 2016 , when his Kuomintang party lost to the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) in last year 's general election . Prosecutors say that Mr Ma ordered that the contents of secretly-recorded phone calls between DPP lawmaker Ker Chien-ming and the parliamentary Speaker be given to other officials . They said that by giving this order , Mr Ma broke laws on the protection of personal information , release of secrets , and communications security and surveillance . Mr Ma has argued that he was merely carrying out his responsibilities as president , as the content of those phone calls related to alleged influence-peddling by Mr Ker and the Speaker . Mr Ma has already appeared in court several times in recent months for a separate lawsuit brought by Mr Ker over the same matter . That case 's verdict is set to be announced later this month His supporters say he is a victim of political score-settling .	Taiwanese prosecutors have charged former president Ma Ying-jeou with leaking secret information obtained from wiretapping a political opponent .
Payne , 30 , who became the first female rider to win the Melbourne Cup in November , is recovering in hospital from surgery to repair her pancreas . She was dislodged from her mount Dutch Lodge at Mildura racecourse . `` Further tests will be undertaken over the next couple of days to determine the progress of her recovery , '' her family said in a statement . `` Michelle experienced a significant level of pain following the surgery , but this lessened over the weekend . She is currently in good spirits . '' Payne has been ruled out of making her debut at Royal Ascot next month and taking part in the Shergar Cup team event at Ascot in August . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Jockey Michelle Payne 's condition remains `` serious but stable '' a week after a fall in Australia .
Centrica Energy said that , after 30 years years ' production , pressure in the North Morecambe field had dropped . The firm is spending Â£16m on diverting high pressure gas from the Rhyl gas field off Millom to flush out more at the Morecambe site . The firm said the project would keep the site in production for 15 years . Graham Sheddy , in charge of Centrica Energy 's operations in Morecambe Bay , said : `` We 've been producing now for some 30 years and the site has made a huge impact on British gas and the UK economy as a whole . `` This project will ensure we can continue to produce in the area for another 25 years . ''	A new multimillion-pound offshore project to unlock gas reserves off the coast of Cumbria will safeguard 200 jobs , a power firm has said .
The project directors insist confidence remains high the deadline will be met . Plans are already under way for a series of events which will give the public access to the £1.4bn crossing before it opens to traffic . The crossing was ordered by ministers because of cable corrosion on the main suspension of the Forth Road Bridge . About 1,300 workers are now employed on the project which is scheduled to be completed by December 2016 . Michael Martin , project director for the construction joint venture , said : `` I believe we can get traffic over the bridge by the end of the year . It 's not a guarantee as it will depend on the weather but I believe it is possible . `` I believe I 've got a team of people here who are capable of doing that and who are committed to achieving that if it is possible . `` We programme optimistically and then we face the conditions that arrive . `` When we simply ca n't do anything we have to accept it 's not possible but we do n't accept that willingly . '' David Climie , the project director for Transport Scotland , said : `` We are on target for the end of 2016 to have traffic on the new crossing providing we get average weather . ''	Queensferry Crossing engineers are using every available break in the weather to ensure the bridge can be completed by the end of this year .
The incident happened after pupils had left Stromness Academy on Wednesday afternoon . Orkney Island Council said a technical inspection began immediately , with contractors on site to assess and secure the damaged area . It is hoped that the school could reopen to pupils on Friday .	A school in Orkney has been closed to pupils after a glass panel in the roof of the building shattered and landed in the foyer .
Plans for the 670-bed Midland Metropolitan Hospital have been drawn up by Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospitals Trust for land in Smethwick . It would replace Sandwell Hospital and City Hospital in Winson Green , it said . The NHS Trust development agency has approved the business case . It said the final decision would be made by the treasury in the next few months . Chairman of Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospitals Trust , Richard Samuda , said he was `` pleased at this important milestone '' . He said : `` In 2006 , local people supported the need to change the shape of services here to improve quality ... and we are working to open our new facilities in 2018 . '' The development , which is earmarked for a site off Grove Lane in Smethwick , has the support of Sandwell and West Birmingham Clinical Commissioning Group , he said .	NHS managers have approved the business case to build a new £380m hospital in the West Midlands .
Work on the £11m project , which will increase the ground 's overall capacity to more than 20,000 , is scheduled to begin next month . The redevelopment programme is due for completion in September 2017 . Hearts owner Ann Budge said last month that she expects the current 17,400 capacity to be unaffected while the work takes place . `` Inevitably there will be a bit of disruption because it is a big building programme but we absolutely keep that to a minimum and the supporters who still want to come and sit in the old stand will do so , '' she added .	Hearts ' plans to redevelop the main stand at Tynecastle have been approved by Edinburgh City Council .
27 January 2016 Last updated at 00:09 GMT The brightly coloured packets are produced in Lagos by ReelFruit , the company founded by Ms Williams in 2012 . It is her first step into country 's agribusiness sector , which she believes has huge untapped potential both in wealth and job creation . According to Ms Williams , ReelFruit also aims to show Nigerian products can be made to world-class standards , and sold anywhere in the world . Women of Africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across the continent . The second series , Africa 's New Businesswomen , introduces eight female entrepreneurs who are finding success in their country - and beyond . Read more here	Rising food entrepreneur Affiong Williams is tapping into a growing demand for healthy treats in Nigeria by selling snack packs of dried fruit and nuts .
The Humber coastguard said it received multiple 999 calls reporting that a man had come off the craft near South Shields Pier on Saturday afternoon . The Tynemouth RNLI inshore lifeboat arrived at the scene and recovered him from the water but he was pronounced dead . A crew on a training exercise responded to the call . Adrian Don , from Tynemouth RNLI , said they were able to respond instantly when the call came from the coastguard . `` We sped across , and came upon one casualty within the water '' , he said . `` He was brought onto the lifeboat but was n't breathing , so we tried to resuscitate him while we sped back here , but unfortunately he died . '' Northumbria Police said an investigation was under way .	A man has died after getting into difficulties on a water bike in the sea off the South Tyneside coast .
A wildlife expert has said he thinks the streetwise animal captured by a CCTV camera in Swaffham was an otter . A council official tweeted the image , caught at 01:55 BST , with the plea : `` Help us identify our guest ! '' A Norfolk Wildlife Trust spokesman said the mystery creature appears to be an otter - and said it was not unheard of them for them to be in an urban area . `` It 's unusual - but not unheard of , '' said senior conservation officer John Hiskett . `` They 'll wander away from water looking for food . Most likely this one has travelled from a nearby pond . '' Rob Walker of Breckland District Council , who posted the picture taken by a camera overlooking the Market Place , said he did n't know what it was at first . `` It 's not exactly what you 'd expect to see on CCTV , but it 's wonderful to be able to catch it in the middle of one of our market towns , '' he said . End of Twitter post by @ Rob_Walker75	An appeal on social media has helped identify a nocturnal rambler crossing a Norfolk road in the early hours .
Services through Queen Street station were disrupted until 19:00 BST on Thursday with trains to the valleys , Penarth , Barry Island and between Coryton and Radyr affected . Buses replaced trains for the Vale of Glamorgan line in both directions . Arriva Trains Wales said the lorry hit the bridge in Bute Street at 13:00 BST . Trains were delayed for up to 45 minutes through Queen Street . Arriva described the lorry which hit the bridge as `` over-height '' , but it is unclear what happened to it after the collision . Network Rail said engineers were immediately sent to carry out a safety inspection on the bridge . A spokesman said : `` Engineers found that there was no damage to the bridge . Services were able to run at normal speed over the bridge at 13:50 BST . ''	Rail passengers in south Wales suffered delays after a lorry hit a railway bridge in Cardiff city centre .
Armed officers hunting for Shaun Walmsley arrested the four men during a swoop on a car in the Canford Cliffs area of Poole on Friday afternoon . Eyewitnesses reported loud bangs and pink smoke as police cars blocked the Vauxhall Corsa 's escape in Haven Road at about 15:45 GMT . Walmsley , 28 , escaped during a hospital visit last month . Dorset Police said Walmsley was not one of the arrested men . A spokesman said : `` During the planned operation , specialist officers discharged tyre deflation rounds directly into the tyres to stop the vehicle and arrest the four men . `` Nobody was injured in the incident and no other weapons were discharged . '' The men - two aged 24 and two aged 25 - were arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and are being questioned by police in Merseyside . Walmsley was getting into a cab with prison officers outside Aintree Hospital on 21 February when he was sprung from custody by two armed men . He is one of four men serving life sentences for the `` vicious and savage '' stabbing of Anthony Duffy in 2014 . Described as `` highly dangerous '' , he was handed a life sentence with a minimum term of 30 years .	Police hunting for a convicted murderer who escaped custody in Liverpool have arrested four people in Dorset .
The Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition ( TUSC ) is contesting wards in five council areas , including 14 seats in Cardiff and five in Swansea . TUSC spokesman Ross Saunders said it was vital to `` build a real opposition to the cuts everywhere in Wales '' . Councillors on local health boards should also oppose NHS cuts , he said . Mr Saunders , a local election candidate and the party 's public services spokesman , accused some councillors of failing to even turn up to health board meetings . No other parties had `` stood up and defended public services and jobs from the cuts that the Tory government is aiming at them , '' he said . `` When you elect a representative you expect them to fight for you , to stand up for you , and unfortunately not a single cut demanded by the government at Westminster has been resisted . `` Instead there 's been a carnival of collaboration with councils run by all difference parties obediently cutting back services and outsourcing them and privatising them . '' Other TUSC priorities include doing everything possible to control rent levels , protect tenants and end letting fees . Polling day for local elections across Wales is on Thursday , 4 May .	A left-wing coalition group launches its manifesto for the Welsh local elections later , demanding councillors fight cuts to budgets for key services .
Twenty-nine people aged 18 to 47 were arrested in the simultaneous raids at 23 properties at 05:30 GMT . The Metropolitan Police co-ordinated the raids - connected to a Lambeth gang - with the Thames Valley , Essex and Bedfordshire forces and Police Scotland . Police said about 300 rocks of crack cocaine and heroin were also found . Those targeted as part of Operation Nasurem are believed to be the most senior ranking members of the Lambeth gang and were all taken to a London police station for questioning , Scotland Yard said . Arrests were made on suspicion of offences including conspiracy to supply Class A drugs , money laundering , possession with intent to supply , fraud and immigration offences . Met officers were assisted by police officers from the Thames Valley , Essex and Bedfordshire police forces in carrying out the raids as well as Police Scotland , Scotland Yard 's Dogs Unit and the force 's Air Support Unit .	More than 700 officers have taken part in UK-wide raids to break up `` one of London 's most harmful gangs '' .
The 23-year-old , who scored a try in the win , had surgery on Saturday . `` It 's not great for him , '' director of rugby Richard Cockerill said . He is the second Tigers pivot to fracture his jaw this season , Freddie Burns having suffered a similar injury in October . Flanker Brendan O'Connor also faces up to six weeks out with a hamstring tear suffered in the win at Welford Road . Williams ' injury is a blow to any hopes he has of a Wales call-up for the 2016 Six Nations .	Leicester Tigers fly-half Owen Williams has been ruled out for at least eight weeks after suffering a double fracture of his jaw in Saturday 's victory over Northampton Saints .
Magennis ' previous deal at the Valley was set to expire at the end of the current season . The 27-year-old has scored 10 goals in 42 games in all competitions since joining Charlton from Kilmarnock for an undisclosed fee in August 2016 . He has been capped 28 times , having made his international debut in 2010 .	Charlton Athletic and Northern Ireland international striker Josh Magennis has signed a new contract to stay with the Addicks until 2019 .
Developer Quantum Group bought the former Sherborne Hotel site , in Dorset , and demolished the building last year . A public consultation on the proposals runs until 2 Dec . Previous plans to build a Tesco on the site prompted protests led by former Blue Peter presenter Valerie Singleton . Quantum Group wants to build a 24-bed `` boutique '' hotel , 82 care apartments and 38 care houses . The 5.4-acre ( 2.1-hectare ) site on Horsecastles Lane is also expected to include landscaped gardens and courtyards . A spokeswoman for the group said more than 400 people attended a public exhibition on the proposals in July . Of 281 received feedback forms , she added 75 % of respondents `` agreed with our proposals '' . Further exhibitions on the plans , which have been submitted to West Dorset District Council for consideration , will be held in the Sherborne on 15 , 16 and 17 December .	Plans have been submitted for a new hotel and residential care homes to be built at a site previously at the centre of a row over a bid to build a supermarket .
The 26-year-old , who has scored nine tries in 42 appearances for the Warriors , will move to the Twickenham Stoop this summer . `` We have been monitoring Charlie for a couple of years , '' Quins head coach John Kingston told the club website . `` I am sure he will push on very quickly within our structure working alongside Danny Care and Karl Dickson . '' Harlequins have not disclosed the length of Mulchrone 's contract . Mulchrone , who is qualified to play for England or Ireland , joined Worcester in 2014 from Rotherham Titans . `` I 'm delighted to be joining such a prestigious club as Harlequins , '' he said . `` The brand of rugby is one I am a huge advocate of . `` I would like to thank Worcester and will continue to give my all to the club until the end of the season . ''	Harlequins have agreed a deal to sign scrum-half Charlie Mulchrone from Premiership rivals Worcester Warriors .
Stewart Streit , 81 , is the only player to win the British , Canadian , US and Australian women 's amateur titles , and Bell , 79 , was a Curtis Cup captain . In September 2014 the Royal and Ancient voted to allow women members for the first time in its 260-year history . In February , the Princess Royal became one of the first women to join . Along with Stewart Strait and Bell , a further eight women have also become members of the club .	Canada 's Marlene Stewart Streit and American Judy Bell are the latest women to become honorary members of the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St Andrews .
The 50-year-old left the Recreation Ground at the end of last season after a disappointing ninth-place finish in the Premiership . Ford , who has also served on the coaching staff for England , will work alongside head coach Diego Dominguez at the three-time European champions . `` Toulon is the greatest club in Europe , it is an honour for me , '' said Ford .	Former Bath head coach Mike Ford has been appointed backs coach at French side Toulon .
Guy Hamilton was found with serious injuries when police were called to Meetings View , Ormsgill , Barrow-in-Furness , on Saturday night . The 35-year-old , of Meetings View , was taken to Furness General Hospital but died a short time later , police said . Damien Hill , 44 , of no fixed address , appeared at Furness Magistrates ' earlier . He was remanded in custody to appear at Preston Crown Court on 5 May .	A man has been charged with the murder of a man in South Cumbria .
Arkadiusz Milik slotted home his 18th goal of the season after just two minutes as PSV headed for their first home defeat of the campaign . Anwar El Ghazi added the second late on with his 12th of the season as Frank de Boer 's side made it nine wins from their last 12 league games . The result took Ajax two points clear in the title race with six games to go .	Ajax replaced champions PSV Eindhoven at the top of the Dutch league thanks to a 2-0 win at the Philips Stadion .
Four men were arrested on suspicion of murder not far from the scene , at the Brewery shopping centre car park in Romford . Police and an air ambulance found the man at 16:30 BST on Thursday . He went to hospital but died an hour later . Detectives believe there could be a large number of witnesses given the attack happened at a busy time of day . Det Insp Jason Prendergast said : `` The victim was found in the car park at [ the ] end of the shopping centre next to the cinema and restaurants , and we are keen to hear from anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident . '' The man has not been formally identified but his next of kin have been informed , Scotland Yard said . The four men arrested are being questioned by police . Anyone with information should call police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 .	A 20-year-old man has been stabbed to death in a shopping centre car park in east London .
He was two-year-old Archie Tafts . It is understood the accident happened on Tuesday . Heather Loughridge works at the Reformed Presbyterian Church mothers and toddlers group , which Archie attended . She described him as `` a very pleasant boy '' . `` Archie was a lovely , smiley wee fellow , '' she said . `` He always took part in the singing and dancing at the end and really enjoyed it . `` When you hear these things , it puts everything else into perspective . It 's hard for people to take in . '' She said the toddlers group held a Christmas party the last day they met and he was `` singing and dancing '' . `` He made a wee reindeer picture that day and one of our other leaders said to his mum to put the date on it so she could remember when he did it . That 'll be a wee memory of his last Christmas , '' she said . `` It 'll be hard for us all going back next week after the break . '' A PSNI spokesperson said : `` Archie 's parents and extended family would like to thank all who have expressed their condolences at this distressing and difficult time , however , as this is a personal tragedy for them , they will be making no public comment . ''	A toddler has died after being crushed by a falling chest of drawers at a house in the village of Cloughmills , County Antrim .
Qatar Football Association vice-president Mohannadi was banned by Fifa 's ethics watchdog for his failure to cooperate with an inquiry into an unnamed third party . But in a hearing last week , the committee upheld his appeal and lifted the sanctions imposed on him . It also revoked a 20,000 Swiss franc fine levied against him . In a statement issued on Thursday , Fifa 's appeal committee said the `` evidence available was not sufficient to establish to the appropriate standard '' that Mohannadi had violated football 's world governing body 's code of ethics . Mohannadi was also barred from standing as an Asian Football Confederation delegate to the Fifa Council at an AFC Congress . It is unclear whether his appeal victory has come too late to get him back on the ballot for next month 's election in Bahrain of four AFC members to the Fifa Council .	A Fifa appeal committee has lifted a one-year ban imposed on Qatar 's Saoud al-Mohannadi in November last year .
If you have a picture you would like to share , please see below the images for details on how to submit yours . If you have a picture you 'd like to share , email us at england @ bbc.co.uk , post it on Facebook or tweet it to @ BBCEngland . You can also find us on Instagram - use # englandsbigpicture to share an image there . When emailing pictures , please make sure you include the following information : Please note that whilst we welcome all your pictures , we are more likely to use those which have been taken in the past week . If you submit a picture , you do so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions . In contributing to England 's Big Picture you agree to grant us a royalty-free , non-exclusive licence to publish and otherwise use the material in any way that we want , and in any media worldwide . It 's important to note , however , that you still own the copyright to everything you contribute to England 's Big Picture , and that if your image is accepted , we will publish your name alongside . The BBC can not guarantee that all pictures will be used and we reserve the right to edit your comments . At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws collecting any kind of media .	Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week .
Mr Lonsdale , an Anglican priest , had been leader of the Pacific archipelago since September 2014 . The Vanuatu Daily Post said he died suddenly in the capital Port Vila shortly after midnight on Saturday . Australia 's Governor-General Peter Cosgrove said Mr Lonsdale `` served the people of Vanuatu with dignity and humility , and was much loved '' . While president , Mr Lonsdale oversaw the vast rebuilding of parts of Vanuatu after Cyclone Pam left an estimated 75,000 people homeless in March 2015 . In October the same year , he vowed to clean up corruption in Vanuatu after a scandal involving his deputy . Speaker Marcellino Pipite was one of 14 MPs - half of the country 's parliament - convicted of giving and receiving corrupt payments over a vote of no confidence in a previous government . He went on to pardon himself and the other 13 MPs while Mr Lonsdale was out of the country , a pardon the president then rescinded on his return .	The president of Vanuatu , Baldwin Lonsdale , has died after a heart attack at the age of 67 .
The Grecians are second-from-bottom in League Two and have not won at home since April , one of only two wins at St James Park in the whole of 2016 so far . `` I understand the dissatisfaction with a number of the supporters , '' he said . `` But it 's important those people stay behind the team as this is a supporter-owned club , everyone 's in it together and we have to have that mentality . '' City conceded a late goal to lose 1-0 at Wycombe on Saturday - their eighth defeat in 11 league games after an injury-hit start to the season . `` There 's a lot of will in the squad and a lot of effort and people behind them and we 've just got to keep going with it , '' Tisdale added . `` We 're going through one of those periods where that 's all we can do . `` There 's no point shirking it , but I believe in the players , they 've put some real work in and we 've just got to take that into next week . ''	Exeter City manager Paul Tisdale has urged fans to keep giving his struggling side their backing .
Officers seized what is believed to be cannabis during a raid on a business premises in Stirling Road in Airdrie . Three men , aged 25 , 35 and 44 , and one woman , aged 22 , were detained in connection with the recovery . They are expected to appear at Airdrie Sheriff Court on Monday .	Four people have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of £136,000 were recovered in North Lanarkshire .
Standing more than 132m ( 433 ft ) high , the building south of John Lewis will be home to around 450 students . It will be taller than Swansea 's Meridian Tower , which is the current highest at 107m ( 351ft ) . Council planners approved the move on Wednesday and the building is due to be completed in summer 2018 . It will have a shop or cafe at ground level , and a `` sky lounge '' available for hire .	A 42-storey student accommodation will be Wales ' tallest building after Cardiff council planners gave it the go-ahead .
23 February 2017 Last updated at 00:16 GMT The BBC 's Chris Foxx asked the company 's Berwyn Evans what benefits the Â£1,300 kit offered over a traditional mouse trap .	Pest control firm Rentokil has developed a mouse trap that connects to the internet , to alert the company when it has been activated .
Outpatient services at state-run hospitals have been closed for more than a week because of the dispute . The GMA say the government has failed to define working conditions for medical staff , including overtime pay . But the union said on Friday that its members would return to work as talks continued . `` The ongoing withdrawal of out-patient and emergency services by members of the GMA is suspended , '' from 08:00 GMT on Monday , a GMA statement said . The decision will come as a relief to President John Mahama 's government , which is under pressure to control spending in line with an International Monetary Fund deal aimed at reviving economic growth in the country . Unions argue that salaries in the country are being undermined by inflation of nearly 18 % , but Ghana 's Mr Mahama said on Wednesday that he would not be pressured into spending more than had been budgeted for the year . All Ghanaians can have access free state healthcare if they register with The National Health Insurance Authority .	Doctors in Ghana have suspended a three-week strike they called to press for better working conditions , the Ghana Medical Association ( GMA ) said .
The centre will provide training facilities for Dundee FC as well as a training and competition venue for other regional sport squads . Plans for the regional performance centre for sport have been lodged with Dundee City Council . Sports including badminton , basketball , netball , rugby and volleyball will be provided for in the new building . Athletics , golf and track cycling will be part of the wider campus , which could begin construction next year . Dundee FC managing director John Nelms told the club 's website : `` It 's something that we 've been working on for quite a long time . `` It will allow us to expand our offerings into the community and put our roots even deeper into Dundee . '' Sportscotland , who are partners in the project with Dundee City Council , highlighted the need for a regional sports centre in Tayside and Fife in 2003 . A council spokesman said : `` The bodies have been working together to develop the scope of the facility based on the various sports ' strategic needs , affordability and sustainability as well as discussions with local sports clubs and the desire to have a level of community use . `` It is expected that planning permission will be considered in the next few months . ''	The first images of a proposed £21m regional sports centre in Dundee 's Caird Park have been revealed .
Harrold , part of the British team that came fifth in the women 's all-around final in Rio , will compete for a US college team instead . She also secured team all-around gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games , as well as silver in the individual all-around and bronze on the bars . `` I 've grown more as a person than I ever thought I would , '' Harrold tweeted . `` Special thank you to all the girls in the GB squad , '' said Harrold , who first started competing for GB in 2010 . `` You 've helped make the tough times manageable and the great times unforgettable . ''	British gymnast Ruby Harrold , who competed at the Rio Olympics , has ended her Team GB career , aged 20 .
Craig William Dearie , 24 , from Cheshunt in Hertfordshire , was found dead in a tent at Global Gathering on 28 July . A verdict into his death ruled he died of natural causes due to Sudden Arrhythmia Death Syndrome ( SADS ) , said Warwickshire Coroners ' Office . Up to 40,000 people are thought to have attended the event at Long Marston airfield near Stratford-upon-Avon . The SADS Foundation website describes the condition as `` heart rhythm abnormalities that can cause sudden death in young , apparently healthy people who are undiagnosed '' .	A man died of undiagnosed heart condition at a dance music festival in Warwickshire , an inquest heard .
The 27-year-old former Aberdeen and Chievo player joined the Gulls in February and has made 14 appearances . He also scored both goals in 2-0 win on the final day against North Ferriby to guarantee the club 's survival . `` He did a great job for us under pressure last season , whilst playing slightly out of position , '' said boss Kevin Nicholson .	Torquay United defender Myles Anderson has signed a new undisclosed-length contract with the National League side .
Woodhorn was the first venue to host a tour of the ceramic flowers , originally displayed at the Tower of London , to mark the centenary of World War One . The seven-week exhibition between September and November 2015 attracted 125,505 visitors to the mining museum - almost double the same period in 2014 . Figures showed the benefit to the economy amounted to £1,799,370 . Researchers found that at least 12 % of visitors were from outside the region , stayed overnight , and accounted for £726,670 in spending .	The `` weeping window '' poppy sculpture at a Northumberland museum has contributed almost £1.8m to the local economy .
Jonathan Cairns was 18 when he was murdered after a night out on 25 April 1999 . His body was found in Loughermore Forest , a few miles from his home . The posters have not been circulated by his family , the police or the Justice for Jonathan Cairns Facebook page . The posters , which were put up around Ballykelly in recent days , had the headline `` break your silence '' . A police spokesperson said they are conducting enquiries in the area . No-one has been convicted of the teenager 's murder .	Police are investigating the circulation of hundreds of posters in Ballykelly , County Londonderry , appealing for information over the murder of Jonathan Cairns .
French-owned AXA has announced up to 56 posts could go at its base in Ipswich . It said the changes are part of a restructuring programme and the separation of commercial and personal business lines . The 56 posts at risk include 27 in management . Affected staff have been informed and the company said it will redeploy people where possible . In 2009 , 120 posts among the 1,600 workforce at Ipswich were lost when the company said it need to `` build a stronger and more efficient business for the future '' .	More than 50 jobs are under threat at an insurance company in Suffolk .
Bosc , 33 , has been with the Dragons his entire career , joining the UTC club pre-Super League era . He has scored 1169 points in 210 Super League games , and is contracted to the club until the end of 2017 . `` I 've taken my time before taking a decision but I feel good and I 'm ready to start a new season , '' Bosc said . `` I love this sport , I love this club but I would make sure that my body allowed me to keep playing at this level . I 'm sure of my choice now and I 'm delighted to stay another season . '' Dragons head coach Laurent Frayssinous added : `` I 'm really happy to keep Thomas at the club next season . He is an important player in our squad , for his versatility at the key positions in the halves , as a hooker or a fullback but also for his qualities and his values . ''	Half-back Thomas Bosc has signed a one-year contract with Catalans Dragons , and joined the reserve side coaching team as Jerome Guisset 's assistant .
Two girls , aged three and eight , and two boys , aged six and nine , escaped injury in the crash in Nab Tower Lane , Selsey in West Sussex , on Sunday . The driver and a female passenger were also unhurt . The woman , aged 36 , from London , is also charged with being drunk in charge of a child under seven and is due at Worthing Magistrates ' Court on 9 June .	A woman has been charged with drinking and driving after a car carrying four children overturned at a caravan park .
Taylor Wright , 21 , was jailed for five years and 10 months at the High Court in Edinburgh last month . Appeal details emerged at Jedburgh Sheriff Court when he appeared for sentence on other outstanding charges . His lawyer asked for sentence to be put on hold pending the appeal but it was deferred until Thursday . Wright was jailed in August after he admitted assaulting and robbing 80-year-old Sheila Turnbull in her Yarrow Valley home . He armed himself with a spray-painted BB gun which his victim believed was real and robbed her of cash and a bank card after getting her to reveal her PIN number . Wright has appealed against the length of the sentence he received for that offence . That came to light while he was appearing for sentence on a number of outstanding offences including breaking into a carwash premises where he used to work and stealing a cash register and a vehicle .	An armed robber who threatened to shoot an 80-year-old woman in her Borders country cottage has lodged an appeal against the length of his sentence .
Hugh McGoldrick , Crossgar Road East in Crossgar , County Down , has 28 days to appeal the decision . Last April , the 59-year old admitted two charges of falsifying drug trials on patients with sleeping disorders . He was jailed for nine months and fined Â£10,000 in June 2016 , but appealed . His sentence was suspended and he was released from jail six days later . The offences took place at McGoldrick 's Pound Lane GP practice in Downpatrick between 2007 and 2008 . In a statement on Tuesday , his lawyers said he `` does not accept the tribunal findings and has every intention of contesting them '' .	A County Down doctor , who falsified clinical trials , has been struck off the medical register .
Czech Cerny , 31 , is recovering from a foot complaint . Stuckmann , 35 , has played for Preston North End and Doncaster Rovers and made over 250 club appearances in his homeland . He will go straight into Thistle 's squad for Saturday 's Scottish Premiership trip to Kilmarnock .	Partick Thistle have signed German goalkeeper Thorsten Stuckmann until January following an injury to first-choice Tomas Cerny .
The 1,901 counterfeit 200-euro banknotes were seized in an operation in the northern city of Oporto , police said in a statement . A 46-year-old foreign man was arrested , police added , but neither his identity nor his nationality have been revealed . The counterfeit notes were `` of exceptional quality '' , officials said . They are thought to be of a type that has been in circulation for a decade , with specimens turning up mostly in Spain , Italy , Germany , Bulgaria and Portugal . This , police said , is the largest batch found so far . The BBC 's Alison Roberts in Lisbon says it is the second seizure of counterfeit euros this month in Oporto . Police recently dismantled a suspected ring composed of five Portuguese citizens , accused of counterfeiting and passing off 50 and 20-euro notes . That operation resulted in the seizure of fake notes worth 30,000 euros . Portuguese police said the euro 's growing importance as an international currency had made it an attractive forging target for organised crime in the European Union and beyond .	Portuguese police say they have made the largest ever seizure of fake euro notes , worth more than 380,000 euros ( Â£331,000 ) .
Leading by 41 seconds overnight , the Tyrone man took no chances in Sunday 's four stages , finishing 29.1 seconds ahead of Finn Jari-Matti Latvala . Meeke , 37 , led for almost every kilometre of the event in his Citroen . Ireland 's Craig Breen earned his first World Rally podium as he took third , one minute 41.3 seconds off the lead . Belgium 's Thierry Neuville was a further 4.6 seconds adrift in fourth with New Zealander Hayden Paddon in fifth spot . Meeke earned his second World Rally series win in Portugal in May . The Northern Irishman is racing a reduced schedule for Citroen this year as the team concentrates on developing a new car for next season . Dungannon native Meeke 's first World Rally series win came in Argentina last year . World championship leader Sebastien Ogier lost hope of victory after going off the road early in the event . Frenchman Ogier still has a comfortable 45-point lead over Andres Mikkelsen in this year 's series , while Meeke is now ninth in the championship .	Northern Ireland 's Kris Meeke has become the first Briton to win Rally Finland as he earned his second victory in this year 's World Championship .
The former Aston Villa and Leicester City boss hinted he may quit management after leading Jersey to victory over Guernsey in May 's Muratti Vase final . Little , 62 , will not be in charge of the island side when they host Scottish League Two club Clyde in a friendly . Barry Ferguson 's side will face Jersey on 25 June at St Brelade as part of a five-day training camp on the island . The home side will be managed by Little 's assistants Martin Cassidy and Paddy O'Toole . Little was appointed as Jersey 's director of football in November 2014 and stepped in to manage the side in January after his predecessor Jimmy Reilly left because of work commitments . However , he is currently working as an advisor to Aston Villa following their relegation to the Championship , and also has television commitments in Ireland .	Brian Little will discuss his future as Jersey manager with the island Football Association in the next few weeks .
The Press Complaints Commission ( PCC ) said it had received a complaint from solicitors after the photograph was published in December . The magazine printed an apology on its emails page . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's main home is on Anglesey , where he is a search and rescue pilot at RAF Valley . The complaint was made under clauses in the editors ' code of practice relating to privacy and harassment . The magazine said : `` In our issue cover-dated 3 - 9 December 2011 , we published a photograph of the Duchess of Cambridge , taken while she was shopping in a store . `` We now accept that we should not have done so , and apologise to her for our actions . '' It will be printed in its edition for 26 May - 1 June .	Celebrity magazine Heat has apologised to the Duchess of Cambridge after publishing a photograph of her shopping at a supermarket last year .
The latest attack happened on Thursday evening in Eddystone Road in Crofton Park , south London . The boy was treated for a knife wound to his back . His injuries were not thought to be life-threatening . Two days ago , another 14-year-old boy was stabbed on his way to school in New Cross , south east London . He was was kept in hospital overnight . A 13-year-old boy was arrested in connection with the incident and bailed until July . In another incident , on Tuesday evening a 12-year-old boy was stabbed eight times in a gang-related attack in Hoxton . He remains in hospital in a stable condition . Shortly before the child was attacked , police had been called to a stabbing nearby following a fight . A man , 19 , was found in Gorsuch Street with stab injuries to his hand and leg in . His injuries were not thought to be serious . Police said the two stabbings were linked .	A boy , 14 , is recovering after being stabbed in London - the third stabbing of a child in the capital in four days .
The defender came through the Maiden City Academy in Derry and signed for the Hammers in 2014 before a loan spell at Colchester United . He becomes Reds boss Barry Gray 's second signing following 'keeper Brian Neeson 's arrival from Carrick Rangers . Stephen Garrett , Martin Donnelly and Jude Winchester have all signed new deals with the Solitude club . Goalkeeper Peter Burke been released by mutual consent , while Jason McGuinness has also left the Reds .	Cliftonville have signed former Northern Ireland Milk Cup-winning captain Jamie Harney from West Ham .
Closures have taken place after sewage bacteria , thought to be E. coli , was found in Slapton , Taw , Torridge and Jersey , the Food Standards Agency ( FSA ) said . Shellfish beds in Weymouth in Dorset and Porlock in Somerset have now been closed . Five sites in Cornwall were closed on Thursday . The Shellfish Association of Great Britain has contested the move , claiming the test results were `` inconceivable '' . The FSA said : `` We are monitoring the situation by taking further samples but until we have evidence to the contrary the beds must remain closed to protect public health . ''	Shellfish beds in Devon and the Channel Islands have been closed after tests showed high levels of pollution .
Action for Children runs Drws y Nant , in Caernarfon , on behalf of Gwynedd council but it is now under review . The home offers short-term care to youngsters from troubled backgrounds . The council has said a combination of factors , including funding cuts , has meant the future of the centre is under review .	The future of a residential home for children in north Wales has been thrown into doubt .
United admitted a misconduct charge after referee Michael Oliver was surrounded by several players following the dismissal of midfielder Ander Herrera . United lost the tie 1-0 . An FA statement said United had `` accepted the standard penalty '' .	Manchester United have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players in last Monday 's FA Cup quarter-final defeat at Chelsea .
Sofya Velikaya , Yuliya Gavrilova and individual champion Yana Egorian took the maximum of five points off Ukraine in all nine fights . In the bronze-medal match , the United States - featuring Ibtihaj Muhammad - beat Italy . The 30-year-old from New Jersey is the first hijab-wearing athlete to represent the US at an Olympics . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Russia won Olympic gold in the women 's team sabre , beating Ukraine 45-30 in the final in Rio .
The court was told that Samantha Kerrigan , 29 , from Bonds Hill and Kim Hazlett , 18 , from Francis Street were found in a flat with their clothes covered in blood following a row . They are charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent . Both women were released on their own bail of Â£500 to appear in court again on 13 August . They are also charged with false imprisonment and possessing a crutch and brush shaft with intent . Ms Kerrigan is separately charged with attempting to suffocate , choke or strangle the victim .	Two women have appeared at Londonderry Magistrates Court charged with attacking a man in the city on Sunday .
Pakistan finished the day on 70-2 in their second innings , 419 runs behind their hosts with two days remaining . Australia captain Steve Smith opted not to enforce the follow-on after his bowlers dismissed Pakistan for 142 . Smith hit a quickfire 63 from 70 balls as the home side declared on 202-5 to extend the lead to 489 runs . He was helped in the quest for quick runs by Usman Khawaja , who top scored with 74 from 109 deliveries . Pakistan lost seven wickets for just 24 runs under the Brisbane lights on day two , but coped better with the conditions when asked to bat again . Opener Azhar Ali batted through the final two-and-a-half-hour session to reach the close undefeated on 41 from 104 balls . But Australia remain on course for victory with a day to spare at the Gabba after Starc dismissed Sami Aslam in the 12th over , then Lyon took the wicket of Babar Azam seven overs before the close .	Nathan Lyon and Mitchell Starc made late breakthroughs to leave Australia firmly in control after the third day of the first Test against Pakistan .
The Republic of Ireland U21 player began his career at Elland Road before being released by Leeds last summer . Grimes joined Cork City but after a short spell with the Leesiders he has been snapped up by Candystripes manager Kenny Shiels . The 21-year-old will provide competition for first-choice keeper Gerard Doherty at the Brandywell .	Derry City have announced the signing of former Leeds United and Cork City goalkeeper Eric Grimes .
Media playback is not supported on this device Camille and Ghislaine are now both British champions in the sport and will be heading to the World Championships in Texas starting on 19 June . Interview by BBC Look East 's Jonathan Park . Are you inspired to try powerlifting ? Read our special guide .	Camille , 27 , from Cambridge introduced her mother to powerlifting in 2015 and 60-year-old Ghislaine is already feeling the benefits .
The 22-year-old , who joined the Championship newcomers from Rochdale this summer , suffered the injury in the 2-0 win at Rotherham on Saturday . `` The most important aspect is his long-term health and recovery , '' Bees boss Mark Warburton told the club website . `` Scott will be carefully looked after by our outstanding medical team . '' Hogan , who scored 19 goals in 40 appearances for Rochdale last season , suffered an ankle problem in pre-season and was making only his second appearance for Brentford at the weekend . He is due to undergo reconstructive surgery on his knee next Wednesday . `` Timescales for Scott 's return are loose at this stage . However , on average , the recovery from this type of injury is around nine months , '' Brentford head of medical Neil Greig said . `` Scott 's injury will require some careful management . We have a young and talented player who has already demonstrated a positive attitude and determination to return better than ever . '' Brentford strengthened their attacking options with the loan signing of Sporting Lisbon forward Betinho on transfer deadline day .	Brentford striker Scott Hogan will miss most of the season after injuring the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee .
Match officials reported the off-spinner , 34 , during his side 's first Test defeat by Sri Lanka in October . An independent assessment revealed his elbow extension exceeded the permitted 15 degrees while bowling . He was handed a year-long ban because he had already been banned from bowling his faster deliveries in December 2013 . An International Cricket Council statement read : `` As this report constitutes the player 's second suspension within a two-year period , he is now automatically suspended from bowling in international cricket for a 12-month period . `` Samuels is entitled to appeal any procedural aspect of the independent assessment that has led to this automatic suspension . However , only after the expiry of this one-year period will he be entitled to approach the ICC for a re-assessment of his bowling action . '' Samuels , who bats in the top order , has taken 145 wickets in 279 matches for his country across Test , one-day and Twenty20 formats , but may continue to play as a specialist batsman .	West Indies all-rounder Marlon Samuels has been banned from bowling in international cricket for 12 months because of an illegal action .
The Spitfires are without a home win since 25 October , with Allen still searching for a first success on home soil since taking charge in December . `` I ca n't work it out , '' he told BBC Radio Solent . `` We 'll be having a chat with the players when they come back . '' Eastleigh have dropped to 13th in the National League and are without a win in five league games . `` The players do n't leave home purposefully to play poorly , '' Allen added . `` They 've done well in training . `` How do we get that to come back into their home form ? I 'll have a think about it to myself and then I need to find that out from the players . `` They 're the ones going over the white line . I 've got to help and look after them , support them the best I can and get the performances out of them . `` At the moment , they 're underachieving . ''	Manager Martin Allen struggled to explain Eastleigh 's poor run of home form after Tuesday 's loss to Braintree .
Osvaldas Rimsa , 27 , died at the scene of the collision on Rocky Hill at 13:45 GMT . His Yamaha R1 motorcycle crashed with a black Alfa Romeo Giuliett , Kent Police said . The car driver , a man in his 50s , suffered minor injuries . The West Kent Biker group paid tribute to Mr Rimsa on Facebook , saying he had a `` real passion for motorcycling '' . The group wrote : `` It 's with a very heavy heart that I tell you we sadly lost one of our own yesterday tragically . `` Osvaldas Rimsa had been with West Kent Biker right from the start and attended virtually every meet ... the guy was dedicated and had a real passion for motorcycling . `` You will never be forgotten brother . Ride free mate and sleep tight . '' Dean 's Place Hotel in Alfriston , East Sussex , said Mr Rimsa worked for them as head waiter . On Facebook , the hotel described him as `` a young , intelligent and funny man with a very bright future ahead of him taken far too early . '' Police urged witnesses to contact them . Sgt Chris Wade said : `` This collision happened at a very busy location in the town and I believe there may be other witnesses who have not yet come forward . ''	A `` dedicated '' motorcyclist was killed in a crash with a car in Maidstone on Friday .
Final negotiations are taking place with the 28-year-old Scot . Cathro recently left Valencia for family reasons after moving to Spain with coach Nuno Espírito Santo from Portuguese club Rio Ave last year . New Newcastle boss McClaren has said he wants his coaching team in place before the players return for pre-season training on 1 July . After an injury-curtailed spell playing youth football , Cathro set up a coaching school in Dundee while he was still in his teens . He then worked with Dundee United 's youth academy for four years until 2011 . His move to Portugal came after a spell working for the Scottish Football Association 's regional coaching set-up . Cathro and Santo met while both were working on their coaching qualifications under the SFA and the pair led Rio Ave to a sixth-place league finish , two cup finals and European qualification for the first time . Last season , they helped return La Liga club Valencia to the Champions League . Cathro was recently linked with Rangers before the appointment of Mark Warburton as manager with David Weir as his assistant .	Ian Cathro has agreed in principle to join Newcastle United as assistant manager to Steve McClaren .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 4 September 2015 Last updated at 02:06 BST In Indonesia , prices for red chillis have tripled this year , which has caused problems for consumers . The BBC 's Kiki Siregar in Jakarta looks at what can be done about it .	Chillis are an essential ingredient for many cuisines across Asia .
10 November 2016 Last updated at 12:32 GMT Watch this special animation and find out about the gender breakdown , weekly pay rates , who is educated to degree level , and much much more . Throughout this week BBC Scotland news will be looking at how equal or otherwise Scotland is . In the coming days our business and economy editor , Douglas Fraser , will examine the issues of income and pay ; pensions and savings ; health and life expectancy and educational attainment .	If you were to imagine Scotland as 100 people , who would they be ?
Although the comedy legend was born in Ulverston , now in Cumbria , his family moved to Bishop Auckland , and he was baptised at St Peter 's Church in 1891 , and went to King James Grammar School . The Grade II-listed church closed a year ago , and a buyer is being sought . It would be suitable for a range of uses such as residential development , a gallery , soft play area , or a cafe . St Peter 's Church was completed in 1875 at a cost of Â£7,000 , more than double the average of the period . The last service was held in December 2013 . It closed the following June and is now at risk of falling into neglect . It is expected the building will be sold along with the adjoining church hall . Bill Heslop , diocesan care of churches secretary , said : `` We are keen that whoever takes on the building respects its architecture . ''	The church where Stan Laurel was baptised has been put up for sale by the Diocese of Durham .
Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past seven days .
Fire crews were called out to the four-storey property on the High Street of the Scottish Borders town just before 22:00 on Thursday . Firefighters from Hawick , Selkirk , Jedburgh and Edinburgh were at the scene of the fire for several hours . One man was rescued from an adjacent property and treated by medics at the scene for smoke inhalation . During the fire the roof collapsed on to a neighbouring building - which had been evacuated . The fire was put out by about 04:30 but there was considerable damage to the two buildings .	A man has been rescued in an incident in Hawick town centre in which the roof of a burning building collapsed .
The content of the app , in the Pashto language , included official statements and videos from the Afghan movement . The hardline group blamed `` technical issues '' for its disappearance shortly after it launched on 1 April . However the BBC understands it was taken down because it violated a Google app policy which prohibits hate speech . It was discovered and reported by a US-based organisation called Site Intel Group which monitors jihadist activity . Google declined to comment on specific app issues . `` Our policies are designed to provide a great experience for users and developers . That 's why we remove apps from Google Play that violate those policies , '' it said in a statement . A spokesman from the Taliban told Bloomberg the app was `` part of our advanced technological efforts to make a more global audience '' .	Alemarah , an app for Android phones created by Islamist fundamentalist group the Taliban , has been removed from Google 's Play Store .
Phillip Simmons , 38 , of May Street , has been charged with two counts of murder and one of burglary . The bodies of Daniel Hatfield , 52 and Matthew Higgins , 49 were found at a house on May Street with `` significant multiple injuries '' on Friday . Mr Simmons is due at Hull Crown Court on Wednesday . He was remanded in custody when he appeared before Hull magistrates earlier . Live updates on this story and others from Hull and East Yorkshire Two women also arrested in connection with the deaths have been released from custody . A 36-year-old woman has been released on police bail until next month and a 27-year-old woman has been released unconditionally .	A man has been charged with a double murder following the discovery of two bodies in the garden of a house in Hull .
The coastguard was alerted to the emergency at about 12:15 BST on Thursday , when the pleasure craft Le Babe hit rocks on Puffin Island . The RNLI inshore lifeboat from Beaumaris and the all-weather boat from Moelfre were called out . A passing sightseeing boat helped pull the two onboard Le Babe to safety . The rescue attempts and the stricken vessel were captured on camera by Laura Heywood , who praised the RNLI volunteers : `` Excellent work by all , '' she said . However , attempts to tow the boat of rocks on Thursday failed . `` They were unable to recover the vessel yesterday . The pleasure craft has suffered some serious damage , '' said an official at Holyhead Coastguard station . The coastguard said there had also been some minor pollution caused by a fuel leakage . Huw Jones , of environment body Natural Resources Wales , said there was no reason to believe there was any threat of significant pollution but fishing firms in the Menai Strait and Conwy Bay had been advised and the situation would be monitored . A team of salvage experts will attempt to recover the damaged boat later on Friday .	Salvage experts will try to recover a pleasure craft grounded on an island off the Anglesey coast later , after two people were rescued .
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said the one-year-old girl known as Asha and her mother would be released into community detention in Australia . Protesters blockaded the hospital to prevent the child being removed . Australia 's policy on asylum seekers has been widely criticised . Previously , the government said it would stand firm on its asylum seeker policy amid the protests over the child 's impending deportation to Nauru . It argues that its offshore detention policy is necessary , and aimed at preventing asylum seekers trying to reach Australia on unseaworthy boats . Australia 's High Court upheld Australia 's asylum policy as legal under the country 's constitution in a decision handed down at the beginning of February .	The Australian government has announced that a baby being treated for burns in a Brisbane hospital will not be sent back to an asylum seekers ' detention camp on the Pacific island of Nauru .
The 23-year-old academy graduate has made 85 appearances for Quins since making his first-team debut in 2011 . Last week , the tighthead was named in England 's 45-man elite player squad ahead of the autumn internationals . `` I have no doubt that he has the necessary qualities to be a major influence in our quest for trophies , '' director of rugby John Kingston said . Quins have not disclosed the length of Sinckler 's new deal at The Stoop . Sinckler has represented England at under-20 level and previously trained with the senior squad in the summer of 2014 .	Harlequins prop Kyle Sinckler has signed a new contract with the Premiership club .
Nottingham Forest 's Ben Brereton and Fulham 's Ryan Sessegnon each scored two goals to ensure Keith Downing 's team advanced as Group B winners . They face the Czechs in Tbilisi on Wednesday , with the winners advancing to the final on 15 July . Last month , England won the Under-20 World Cup by beating Venezuela 1-0 . In addition , they won the 2017 Toulon Tournament in June , and reached the final of the European Under-17 tournament in May . England were also semi-finalists at the European Under-21 Championship in Poland last month before losing on penalties to Germany . On Sunday , Chelsea 's Mason Mount was involved in three of England 's four goals . Brereton and Sessegnon each have three goals in the tournament .	England overwhelmed Germany 4-1 to book a semi-final place against the Czech Republic at the European Under-19 Championship in Georgia .
The Â£9m site of 88 acres ( 36 hectare ) will process up to 120,000 vehicles a year at Stallingborough , North East Lincolnshire , in a 10-year deal . The operation has relocated from nearby Killingholme , North Lincolnshire and employs about 150 staff . The new site will allow a `` lot more room for growth in the future '' , said Yaser Shabsogh of Kia . The proximity of the Humber ports was an important part of the decision to keep the plant in the area , he added .	Fifty new jobs are to be created at an expanded car storage and preparation centre for Kia Motors .
North Lanarkshire Council said the theft at the Dalziel building was discovered at about 07:40 on Monday . A quantity of cash and three cameras were also taken . The authority would not comment about the nature of the data held on the computers . A spokesman for North Lanarkshire Council said : `` The laptops are fully encrypted to the highest standards to ensure data security . ''	Six encrypted laptops have been stolen from a council building in Motherwell .
Mohammed Mayow , 23 , of Dorest Avenue , Hayes , west London , was jailed for five years and two months on Friday after previously admitting distributing a terrorist publication . Mohanned Jasim , 21 , of Montague Street , Southall , was jailed for two years . He had pleaded guilty to publishing a statement to encourage others to commit an act of terrorism . Det Supt Ian Hunter , from the South East Counter Terrorism Unit of Thames Valley Police , said : `` These arrests were a direct result of good work by Kent Police officers at the Port of Dover who intervened to stop them leaving the country . `` Whilst we can not be certain exactly where Mayow and Jasim were heading or what they intended to do , the subsequent investigation enabled these offences to be identified and the sentences reflect the seriousness of sharing extremist material . '' The pair were arrested by Kent Police at Dover 's Eastern Docks on 15 November 2015 , just two days after the terrorist attacks in Paris which left 129 people dead .	Two men arrested as they tried to leave the UK have been jailed at the Old Bailey for terrorism offences .
Dubbed Mrs Christmas , Betty Ann Jones , 72 , has installed 12,000 twinkling fairy lights , a mountain of fake snow and 5,000 toys and tiny ornaments . She has been decorating her home in Pontardawe , near Swansea , for eight years and last year raised £12,000 for charity . Her husband has also built a nativity scene . `` I just love Christmas - and I want everyone else to love it as much as I do . It is well worth a fiver of anyone 's money , '' she said . `` I have thousands of beautiful intricately designed ornaments from all over the world but most have come from German Christmas markets . `` I went every year for 16 years and always came home with arms full of unique decorations . ''	A grandmother has turned her home into a winter wonderland for Christmas and is charging people £5 to visit .
The 35-year-old victim was woken up by repeated knocking at her front door in Heald Green , Stockport on 20 December , and attacked after opening it . Police said it was a `` terrifying attack '' and the woman 's children could hear her screaming . The suspect is described as about 20 years old , 6ft ( 1.8m ) tall , of a slim build and Asian , wearing a hooded top . Det Insp Julia Bowden said : `` Incidents of this nature are horrifying but rare and we are doing everything in our power to find the man responsible . `` I would urge anyone who saw anything suspicious in the area at the time to please contact us immediately . ''	Police have issued an e-fit of a man suspected of sexually assaulting a woman in her own home .
The Ice Hockey Elite League 's Player of the year has signed up for another year in Cardiff after a standout season . The 27-year-old Canadian forward scored 31 goals and 53 assists in 63 games to top the league 's overall scoring table . `` He is our top scorer , he is a total pro , he plays [ when he is ] hurt , he is an absolute warrior . '' said Devils player-manager Andrew Lord .	Joey Martin is staying at the Cardiff Devils for a third season after agreeing a new contract .
Christopher Colebrook , 44 , of Bowers Fold , Doncaster , pleaded guilty to repeatedly raping and assaulting a 16-year-old girl and 19-year-old man . Police said they believed he may have attacked others and urged possible victims to come forward . Colebook was jailed at Sheffield Crown Court . Det Con Nichole Russell said : `` He preyed on vulnerable teenagers , subjecting them to horrendous sexual offending after plying them with alcohol . `` This investigation revealed Colebrook 's true predatory nature and we believe that there could be other victims of this man out there who are yet to come forward . '' Colebrook pleaded guilty to four counts of rape , two counts of sexual assault and one count of assaulting a police officer .	A man who plied two teenagers with alcohol before subjecting them to `` horrendous '' sexual abuse has been jailed for 21 years .
The Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead has 5,000 saplings on offer which residents can collect on a first come , first served basis . Planting guidance and the types of species available can be found on the council 's Adopt A Tree website . The trees can be collected from Braywick Heath Nursery in Maidenhead and elsewhere until 17 January . Councillor Derek Wilson , cabinet member for planning , said : `` These trees will hopefully increase the numbers growing in the borough , particularly within towns and villages where they are most needed , and so improve the environment for all . '' To pick up a tree , residents need to bring along a token , printed in the latest issue of Around the Royal Borough council newspaper , or provide evidence they are royal borough residents . The trees , all one-year-old native species , come with their own shrub guard and compost .	A Berkshire council is giving away thousands of free trees in a bid to make its towns and villages more green .
The number 11 and X40 services will be withdrawn from the area , with a low uptake by passengers being blamed by the company . A date for the end of the service has still to be set . First apologised for any inconvenience it would cause customers . Rival firm Stagecoach currently offers some services through Kingswells .	Bus firm First Aberdeen is to stop regular services through the Aberdeen suburb of Kingswells .
Wales has around 60,000 so-called Neets - roughly one in five 19-24 year olds and one in 10 of those aged 16-18 . The latest scheme will target 6,000 young people in the poorest communities for advice and financial help . Communities Minister Lesley Griffiths said young people should have `` the skills they need and the opportunity to reach their full potential '' .	Efforts to help young people not in education , employment or training are to be backed by an extra £11m .
Tigers captain Dawson , 33 , picked up a calf injury in the warm-up before the 2-0 Premier League win over Liverpool at the weekend and Hull say he will be out for `` a few weeks '' . Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez , 26 , will be out for up to four weeks with a small tear in his hamstring . Hull are 18th , one point from safety and travel to Arsenal on Saturday . The Tigers are already without midfielder Ryan Mason , who fractured his skull against Chelsea last month , while defender Curtis Davies , midfielder Markus Henriksen and striker Will Keane are also on the injury list .	Michael Dawson and Abel Hernandez are the latest Hull City players to be sidelined by injury .
Coleman , 27 , suffered minor injuries , including two chipped teeth , when two people burst into the riders ' changing room on 29 September . A spokesman for Nottinghamshire Police told BBC Sport that no further action would be taken . It is understood Irish rider Coleman was happy to put the matter behind him , regarding the incident as a one-off . Two men and one woman were arrested on suspicion of assault and damage , and another woman for obstructing police . Coleman is second in the jump jockeys ' championship , with 84 wins this season , behind Richard Johnson , who has 131 victories . At the time of the Southwell incident , Coleman 's agent Sam Stronge said : `` Some lads had seemingly had too much to drink , got a bit rowdy and then broke into the weighing room . `` Aidan was just unlucky - he was the first person they saw and he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . `` It was n't anything to do with racing and nothing was said beforehand between any of them . ''	Four people arrested after jump jockey Aidan Coleman was allegedly punched by racegoers will face no charges .
The horses Bella and Biscuit were injured in the attack in the Broomfield area of Chelmsford on 12 January . Both riders , Pc Frank Pallett and Pc Sarah Fiske , were thrown from the horses but were uninjured . A woman , 34 , of Chelmsford , has been charged with having a dog dangerously out of control in a public place . The woman has been released on police bail to appear before magistrates in Chelmsford on 9 February . The horses are `` now recovering well '' , said Essex Police .	A woman has been charged after two police horses were bitten by a dog while on patrol in Essex .
The 42-year-old Scot joined the Shots last April and guided the side to safety this season . `` I had to make a decision for my family , '' he said . `` The board have given me their full backing throughout the season , but also have understood why I needed to make this decision to return to Scotland . '' The former Dundee and Alloa boss has won 15 of his 45 league games at Aldershot and will take charge of the side for the last time at Bromley on Saturday . The Hampshire side are 16th in the table heading into the final day of the season . `` I would like to thank Barry for his honesty in making what must have been a very difficult decision , '' Shots chairman Shahid Azeem said . `` We are sorry to lose him but recognise that some things are more important than football . ''	Aldershot Town manager Barry Smith will leave the National League club at the end of the season after deciding to not renew his contract .
John Baxter crashed at Bank End , on the road from Duddon Bridge and Ulpha , just after 17:00 BST on Saturday . Passers-by gave the 70-year-old , from Ulpha , first aid until the air ambulance arrived but he was declared dead at the scene . Cumbria Police said officers were continuing their investigation into the crash and offering support to Mr Baxter 's family .	A man who died following a crash in Cumbria has been named by police .
The energy regulator said it was responding to concerns about the Perth-based company 's approach to switching customers to pre-payment tariffs . The probe will focus on the impact of the process on those in potentially vulnerable situations . Ofgem will consider whether SSE breached its Standards of Conduct , which aim to ensure suppliers treat customers fairly . It will examine whether the company breached licence conditions , which require it to provide appropriate information , and ensure a consumers ' ability to pay , when suggesting alternative payment methods . SSE described the basis for the investigation as a `` historic issue '' . A spokesman for the energy provider said : `` We are committed to treating all our customers fairly and will be cooperating fully with Ofgem 's investigation into this historic issue . ''	Ofgem has launched an investigation into SSE 's pre-payment meter processes .
James Smith , 19 , of Gainsborough , Lincolnshire , admitted causing grievous bodily harm and dangerous driving at Nottingham Crown Court on Thursday . The charges relate to a crash involving a 4x4 vehicle on the A631 near Beckingham , Nottinghamshire , on 26 April , police have said . Mr Smith will next appear on 12 August . The teenager was remanded in custody following the hearing . The victim , also aged 19 , was airlifted to hospital for treatment , Nottinghamshire Police added . Updates on this story and more from Nottinghamshire	A teenager has denied the attempted murder of a pedestrian seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash .
McGoldrick , 25 , who trains in the same gym as world champion Lee Selby , was a 40-36 victor on the referee 's card in his debut at bantamweight . The gold medal winner at the 2010 Commonwealth Games , who also claimed bronze at the 2014 Games , has signed professional terms with MGM . He is trained by Tony Borg in Newport . McGoldrick featured in the first fight of the night on the undercard of Anthony Crolla 's WBA lightweight title rematch with Jorge Linares . Find out how to get into boxing with our special guide .	Commonwealth Games gold medal winner Sean McGoldrick won his professional debut via a comfortable decision over Brett Fidoe in Manchester .
The males , called Casper , Babati and Karumwa , are returning to Dijbouti as part of a conservation project about the environment . They have begun their 20-hour journey from Port Lympne Wild Animal Park near Hythe to the Decan Sanctuary . Adrian Harland , Port Lympne 's animal director , said : `` Our three boys will act as ambassadors for biodiversity . '' He said the trio would help demonstrate the role zebras and other species play in maintaining the environment . The project is backed by the Aspinall Foundation , which owns Port Lympne and Howletts animal parks in Kent .	Three zebras from a Kent wildlife park are on their way to east Africa as part of an education programme .
Officers were called to a property in Beckbury Road in Weoley Castle at 10:00 BST on Saturday , police said . The child was taken to hospital having suffered a suspected cardiac arrest but was later pronounced dead . A 35-year-old woman from Weoley Castle remains in custody after police were granted more time to question her . A 37-year-old man from Stourport in Worcestershire who was arrested on Sunday has been released on bail . A second man , aged 34 and from Oldbury , has been released on bail and will return for further questioning next month . A post-mortem examination was inconclusive and further tests will now be carried out .	Two men and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder after an 18-month-old girl was found dead at a house in Birmingham .
Ian Paterson , 58 , who worked at hospitals run by the Heart of England NHS Trust and Spire Healthcare , faces 21 counts dating back to 1997 . The surgeon , who treated about 700 women from 1993 to 2012 , was suspended by the General Medical Council in 2012 . He did not enter a plea at Birmingham Magistrates ' Court and will appear at the city 's crown court on 15 February . Mr Paterson , of Castle Mill Lane , Ashley , Altrincham , faces one charge of causing grievous bodily harm and 20 of wounding with intent . The alleged offences took place between 1997 and 2011 . The GMC is investigating allegations that Mr Paterson , who worked mainly for the NHS at Solihull Hospital and two private hospitals run by Spire , carried out unnecessary , inappropriate or unregulated operations . Mr Paterson stands accused of carrying out invasive breast surgery on women with suspected breast cancer when a simple biopsy might have been sufficient . He is also accused of using a banned procedure , known as a cleavage sparing mastectomy , that involves leaving behind some potentially cancerous tissue for cosmetic reasons . Concerns about his work first surfaced in 2007 , but it was not until 2011 that he was excluded from the trust where he worked . More than 550 patients were recalled to hospital to have their cases reviewed .	A breast surgeon has been charged with 21 counts of unlawfully and maliciously wounding 11 patients .
Aaron Dickinson , from Douglas , said he would use the money to put a deposit down on a house and launch his own fishing business on the island . `` I honestly do n't think I have ever screamed so loudly in all of my life , '' he said . `` I was literally screaming all of the way back to the shop . '' The 25-year-old currently works as a scallop fisherman and sells his produce to fish markets in Peel .	A fisherman from the Isle of Man has landed £250,000 from a £2 scratch card .
The eggs are alleged to have been stolen from a collector in eastern Zhejiang province . One of the suspects , known only by his surname of Wang , is alleged to have visited the collector while feigning interest in making a purchase . All four suspects are all now in custody . They are accused of dividing the eggs between them , Xinhua reported . Mr Wang is accused of taking taking 27 eggs to his home in Heilongjiang province where they were recovered by police . But the remainder - about 50 eggs - are not accounted for . Revealing the secrets of life inside a dinosaur egg Three of the suspects are accused of helping Mr Wang steal the eggs on the evening of 9 January and then fleeing to Shanghai . China is one of the world 's biggest sources of fossils , especially the southern city of Heyuan , Many fossils found in China and nearby Mongolia are often exported illegally and sold for large profits to collectors .	China has arrested four suspects over the theft of about 80 fossilised dinosaur eggs .
The bodies , believed to be Shelley Saxton-Cooper , 45 and Simon Saxton-Cooper , 50 , were found after emergency services were called to a house in Riddings , Derbyshire . Post-mortem examinations found Shelley died as a result of stab wounds and Simon died from smoke inhalation . The cause of the fire is not yet known . Police launched a murder inquiry after the couple were found dead in the partly-collapsed building on Sunday . The blaze destroyed much of the building 's roof and fire crews had to wait several hours for the remaining structure to be declared safe before they could recover the victims ' remains . On Monday , Ch Supt Sunita Gamblin said : `` We believe that Shelley was wounded before the explosion and fire . We are treating her death as murder . Police and fire services are conducting an ongoing investigation and a report is being compiled for the coroner . It is not believed anyone else was involved , Derbyshire police said . A pet dog which escaped the blast is being looked after by relatives of the couple .	A woman whose body was found after an explosion destroyed a house died of stab wounds , police have said .
Carál Ní Chuilín was speaking during a visit to the construction site at Glenfada Park in Londonderry 's Bogside . Building work began last summer and the new money is in addition to funds of £2.4m . The museum deals directly with the Northern Ireland Troubles and is close to where the events of Bloody Sunday took place in the city . On 30 January 1972 , a civil rights march in Derry ended with the shooting dead of 13 people by the Army . The Saville Report , published on 15 June 2010 , was heavily critical of the Army and found that soldiers fired the first shot . Speaking before Parliament , Prime Minister David Cameron said he was `` deeply sorry '' and that the findings of the report were `` shocking '' . The new building is due to be finished and ready by June 2016 .	The Museum of Free Derry is to receive an extra £500,000 in funding , the culture minister has said .
South Wales Police said it was called to a sudden death in Dunraven Bay , Southerndown , just after 10:00 BST on Sunday . It is not being treated as suspicious and police inquiries are ongoing . The Welsh Ambulance Service said it was called by the Coastguard to reports of a man falling from a cliff . Police , the fire service , ambulance crews and the Coastguard helicopter were all sent to the scene .	A man has died after falling from a cliff in the Vale of Glamorgan .
New York saw a million people converge on Times Square to watch the famous ball descend . While on Rio 's famous Copacabana beach , spectators gathered to watch a spectacular firework display . After enjoying fireworks and parties , attention often turns to New Year resolutions . Here are some of the resolutions you have made for 2016 . John Fox on Twitter has four things he wants to achieve in 2016 ... Thomas White 's resolution did n't last very long . He tweeted : `` I resolved not to sleep for a full year , lasted 27 minutes . '' Jane Hancock has a cynical take on New Year 's resolutions : Evgueni Krylov tells us his very common resolution : `` Just to give up smoking . Hope I 'll succeed this year . '' Brandon Griffin has an alternative resolution : Paul tweets : `` Meeting more friends and successfully pass my first exams at university ! '' We wish him luck . Terri Brown is looking to the future and tells us : Is tolu tweets : `` Want to have a better paid job , a house of my own and a side business that would be very lucrative . '' While Half Blood Prince plans to be more spiritual : Halfway Creations sets goals for the year ahead : While Karim 's resolution is more realistic : `` Eat less # chocolate But who am I kidding ? '' Norma Murray hopes to get running : â€	Crowds across the world have welcomed the arrival of 2016 .
But it is one of many flying proudly on one street ahead of the Euro 2016 football tournament . Each of the qualifying nations in the championship is represented on Iris Drive in what has been described as a `` sweepstake with a difference '' . A group of window cleaners first had the idea ahead of the 2010 World Cup . Back then , the English flag which was cheerfully raised outside a house to the bemusement of residents . Sandy Turley , one of the organisers , said it was a great success . `` Every resident in the street was involved , the kids loved it , '' he said . `` We also had a street party and everyone came out and enjoyed themselves . '' More than 60 flags adorn houses on Iris Drive , including those representing the Republic of Ireland , Northern Ireland , England and Wales . Only 24 nations qualified for the tournament , but demand for flags was high that three separate sweepstakes were carried out to cover everyone who wanted to take part . `` It 's not a political thing - it does n't matter if it 's the Republic , Northern Ireland , or England , '' Sandy said . `` We like to see everyone represented . `` It 's a bit of banter - I 've my money on France but I got Germany in the sweepstake , so I 'm not worried . ''	A Northern Ireland flag is not the most common sight on west Belfast 's Springfield Road .
Police said the vehicle left the carriageway near Clanfield at about 23:00 BST and came to rest on its roof . The driver , a 22-year-old woman from Waterlooville , died at the scene . The driver of a second car , a 26-year-old man from Portsmouth , has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by careless driving and driving under the influence of drugs . Hampshire Constabulary said it did not believe the two cars had collided before the incident , which happened on the southbound carriageway . The road was closed overnight but has since reopened .	A woman died when her car overturned on the A3 in Hampshire .
Three of the 137 tigers at the temple in Kanchanaburi province were moved on Monday . The 1,000-personnel operation will last all week . The monks , who deny all allegations , resisted at first but gave in when presented with a court order . The tigers are being taken to animal refuges , authorities said . The Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua Tiger Temple , a popular tourist destination , has for years resisted official efforts to take away the animals . Visitors are able to feed the animals and take photographs for a fee , despite the temple being banned from charging admission fees or money . `` We have a court warrant this time , unlike previous times when we only asked for the temple 's co-operation , which did not work , '' Adisorn Nuchdamrong , deputy director-general of the Department of National Parks told AFP . Monks at the controversial temple have been accused of illegally breeding tigers and animal trafficking . A previous raid in February 2015 revealed jackals , hornbills and Asian bears kept at the sanctuary without the necessary permits .	Wildlife authorities in Thailand have begun removing tigers from a Buddhist temple , after accusations of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse .
Officers were called to reports of a fight in St Norbert Road , Brockley , south-east London , on Saturday afternoon . The 17-year-old was in the car which had hit a lamp-post , but he died later in hospital . Police believe group of people threw missiles at the vehicle as it sped off . A post-mortem examination found the cause of death to be multiple injuries , consistent with being in a road traffic collision . The four arrested men , aged 19 , 20 , 21 and 23 , have been released on police bail . Two other men who were in the crashed car suffered minor cuts to their hands .	Four men have been arrested in connection with the death of a teenager who was in a car which crashed after it was attacked .
Juma Mohammed Abdullah al-Kaabi , 65 , was caught in a bomb attack that killed 11 others at the Kandahar governor 's guesthouse on 10 January . He had been receiving treatment for his wounds at a hospital in Abu Dhabi . The Taliban denied being behind the attack , blaming it on `` internal local rivalry '' . `` With great sadness and sorrow , we mourn the martyr of the nation and his duty , the righteous son Juma Mohammed Abdullah al-Kaabi , who gave his pure soul for the sake of humanity , '' the UAE 's ministry of presidential affairs said in a statement quoted by official news agency WAM . Another five UAE officials were killed in the blast in southern Afghanistan , along with six other people , including the deputy governor , two senior Afghan officials and two MPs . Seventeen people were also wounded , including the provincial governor . The UAE said the officials had been carrying out `` humanitarian , educational and development projects '' . Among the projects was signing an agreement with Kardan University , in the capital Kabul , to offer scholarships funded by the UAE .	The United Arab Emirates ambassador to Afghanistan has died from injuries sustained in a bomb attack in Kandahar province last month , officials say .
The new train is for use on the line linking Paddington to Exeter and Cornwall via Reading and Newbury . It is part of what GWR describes as the `` biggest fleet upgrade in a generation '' , aimed at reducing journey times and increasing capacity . The Class 802 fleet is due to enter passenger service next summer . This new train is the same as the Class 800 model currently being built for other parts of the network , but has a higher powered engine designed specifically for use on the Berks and Hants line to overcome `` more challenging geography '' in Devon and Cornwall . These trains will be built in Pistoia , Italy , due to lack of extra capacity in the Newton Aycliffe-based factory , which is building the rest of the new Class 800 fleet . The Class 800 fleet are being tested in the UK and due to enter service later this year .	Test trains for the new fleet of Intercity Express Trains on the Great Western Railway ( GWR ) in the South West have left Japan , heading for the UK .
Financial assistance , believed to be in the region of £9m over three years , will be provided . Most of the money is coming from Stormont . The BBC has established United was set to axe the route next month , believing its aircraft could be more profitably used elsewhere . The managing director of Belfast International Airport , Graham Keddie , said : `` Two weeks ago we had lost it . `` It was a Northern Ireland team effort to get it back . '' Economy Minister Simon Hamilton said the rescue package had the backing of the executive . `` It is public money being spent to ensure we keep this very important route in place , '' said Mr Hamilton . He said the route was crucial to attracting US-inward investment . Northern Ireland politicians lobbied their counterparts in the US as part of the effort to have United re-think its initial decision . DUP MP for North Antrim Ian Paisley said : `` Losing this route would have been a blow to the prestige of Northern Ireland . `` Imagine the outcry if this had been lost . '' The Ulster Unionist MP for South Antrim , Danny Kinahan , added : `` This is an excellent example of what can be achieved when political differences can be put aside . ''	A rescue deal has been agreed to prevent US airline United ending its daily service between Belfast and New York .
The £130m York Street Interchange scheme would create an underpass and a new bridge , to ease congestion where the Westlink , M2 and M3 meet . Work is due to begin late next year and is expected to be completed by the end of 2020 . Transport Minister Michelle McIlveen said the scheme would cut travel times and improve road safety . `` There is no doubt that a scheme of this scale would represent a significant investment in the local economy , '' she said . `` By removing the traffic bottleneck , the new interchange will improve journey time reliability and road safety for motorists , including freight transport , and support the competitiveness of the Port of Belfast with improved links to the strategic road network . `` While the budget statement of December 2015 did not include the York Street Interchange scheme in the list of flagship projects , my department remains fully committed to this high profile major road improvement scheme . ''	A construction contract for a scheme to improve the traffic flow in Belfast has been put out to tender .
The 25-year-old , who is a dental nurse , won eight of her nine group matches before overcoming New Zealand 's Jo Edwards 21-17 in the semi-final . However , Doig was beaten 21-13 by Australian Karen Murphy in the final . In the men 's pair final , Ireland 's Ian McClure and Gary Kelly also had to settle for being runners-up as they were beaten by Australia as well .	Scotland 's Lesley Doig has lost in the women 's singles final at the World Bowls Championships in New Zealand .
The 20-year-old former Feyenoord player is set for his second loan spell having spent a month at Reading last season . Ake , who helped Chelsea win the FA Youth Cup in 2012 , featured five times for the Blues last season . He is Watford 's first loan signing of the summer , with Italy midfielder Alessandro Diamanti set to follow . Diamanti has been training with the club and Hornets manager Quique Sanchez Flores said : `` Watford and [ Chinese club ] Guangzhou Evergrande are talking to arrange the last details and I expect him to come to us . `` It will be difficult for Saturday but the deal is close . ''	Dutch defender Nathan Ake has signed a new five-year deal with Chelsea and will be loaned to Watford for the rest of the season .
Britain 's most-capped player , the 6ft 8in London-born forward made his 100th and final appearance against New Zealand in 2015 . `` Words ca n't begin to describe my passion for representing my country time and again , '' said the 36-year-old . Sullivan will continue to play in the British Basketball League , having recently agreed a two-year contract with the Leicester Riders . British NBA ace Luol Deng , who played alongside Sullivan at the 2012 Games , paid tribute to his former team-mate . `` British Basketball is going to miss him and so will his team-mates who have learned a lot from him on and off the court , '' said the Los Angeles Lakers star . Sullivan represented Britain at three EuroBasket competitions in 2009 , 2011 and 2013 . He was also part of the England team that won a bronze medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne . He then captained the British team at the London Olympics , but they were eliminated at the group stage and failed to qualify for Rio 2016 . GB begin their EuroBasket 2017 qualifiers with a trip to Hungary on 31 August .	Great Britain captain Drew Sullivan has announced his international retirement .
Chauhan , the India international goalkeeper , made her debut for West Ham United in the opening game of the season against Coventry City on Sunday . West Ham play in the Women 's Premier League Southern Division - the third tier of women 's football . Chauhan 's debut has created widespread interest in Indian newspapers and on social media . Scores of people have begun congratulating her on Twitter , including the Indian football team and her former club FC Goa . Meanwhile West Ham jokingly asked what percentage of the Indian population it needed to reach 20,000 followers before admitting it `` lost count '' . It also won over Indians by tweeting in Hindi . It had earlier announced Chauhan 's selection on Twitter as a `` proud moment for Indian football '' . Chauhan 's debut could have gone better as West Ham lost 5-0 to Coventry . `` I 'm not happy about the result . I could have played better . But of course I have watched the West Ham men 's team on television and it was like a dream come true when I donned their jersey with the same logo '' , she told the Times of India newspaper .	India 's Aditi Chauhan has become the country 's first woman to play English league football .
The Canal and River Trust , which ran the survey for the `` shy and elusive '' mammal , said there had also been an `` encouraging '' number of sightings . It said the data reported by the public would enable ecologists to monitor , maintain and protect the habitats . Habitat loss and the threat from mink have been blamed for their decline . Sightings of the water vole - immortalised as Ratty in Kenneth Grahame 's The Wind in the Willows - have declined over the past 45 years , the charity said . Laura Mullholland , ecologist at the Canal & River Trust , said while the number of sightings `` is really encouraging ... there 's a long way to go before they 're out of danger '' . `` These results have definitely given us hope , not least because people are taking the time to look out for them , '' she said . `` The more people get involved with trying to save them , the more likely it is we 'll have Ratty back on our canals and rivers for good . ''	More than 40 possible breeding sites for water voles have been spotted on waterways across Wiltshire , Somerset , and Gloucestershire .
World number two Whiteside took a unanimous decision against Greece 's Aikaterini Koutsogeorgopo in her 51kg class quarter-final . Ryan earned a split decision against Sweden 's Agnes Alexiusson in the 60kg . Chantelle Cameron lost a unanimous decision in her 64kg quarter-final bout to Russia 's Aleksandra Ordina . Natasha Gale , the fourth member of the Great Britain squad competing in Bulgaria , will box for a guaranteed medal in the 75kg category on Sunday . Several other British and Irish boxers are representing their nations in the competition but are not part of the GB squad . England 's Demi-Jade Resztan lost her quarter-final bout in the 45-48kg class to Russia 's Ekaterina Pinigina , Rosie Eccles from Wales was defeated by Italy 's Valentina Alberti in the 64kg event and Ireland 's Shauna Browne lost to Russia 's Daria Abramova .	England 's Lisa Whiteside and Sandy Ryan are guaranteed at least bronze medals in the European Women 's Boxing Championships in Sofia .
John Nuttall and Amanda Korody were found guilty of planting pressure cooker bombs at the British Columbia legislature on Canada Day in 2013 . A judge said police manipulated the couple into carrying out the attack . The pair did not have the mental capacity plan the attack on their own , the judge added . `` The world has enough terrorists . We do not need the police to create more out of marginalized people , '' British Columbia Supreme Court Justice Catherine Bruce wrote in her ruling . Nuttall and Korody , two Canadian-born citizens , were convicted in 2015 on three terrorism-related charges , including conspiracy to commit murder and possessing explosive devices for a terrorist group . The couple faced life in prison . However , their convictions were not registered after defence lawyers argued that police had entrapped the couple . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police , the country 's national police , undertook a months-long , undercover sting operation that ended in the couple 's arrest . But Judge Bruce said the police made an `` enormous effort '' to assist the couple in carrying out the attack . `` The defendants were the foot soldiers but the undercover officer was the leader of the group , '' the judge said .	A Canadian couple convicted of a terrorism plot will be set free after a judge ruled they had been entrapped in a police sting operation .
RNLI Redcar volunteers were called out after a fishing boat suffered mechanical failure . As the lifeboat began towing the disabled craft back to the River Tees , the rescue scene was visited by a small pod of dolphins . RNLI helmsman Dave Scott said : `` They were obviously curious to see what we were up to . '' The scene was was captured by the helmet-mounted video camera worn by one of the lifeboat crew . Mr Scott said : 'It was an absolute privilege to see such a wonderful natural phenomenon . `` It 's certainly the first time for many years they 've been spotted in this area during a rescue . ''	A routine lifeboat operation off the coast of Teesside attracted some unusual onlookers .
Elan Jones , great granddaughter of one of the settlers unveiled the 4ft ( 1.2m ) memorial at Princess Dock on Saturday . It is thought about 50,000 people in Patagonia have Welsh heritage from the 153 settlers who boarded the Mimosa . The event was organised by the Merseyside Welsh Heritage Society as part of its Mimosa Festival .	A memorial to mark the 150th anniversary of the first Welsh settlers who set sail for Patagonia has been unveiled on Liverpool 's waterfront .
Kay Diamond , 44 , was found dead at Greenheys Gardens , Sefton Park Road , Toxteth on Saturday morning . A post-mortem test found she died from blunt force trauma to the head . Anthony Blye , 52 , of Greenheys Gardens , is due to appear before South Sefton magistrates later . A 48-year-old man , previously held on suspicion of murder , has been released without charge .	A man has been charged with murder after the body of a woman was discovered at a Liverpool flat .
Ed Thomas has encouraged more programmes to use both Welsh and English to reflect life across Wales . Hinterland will broadcast its third bilingual season on 5 April , after the Welsh-language version Y Gwyll was shown on S4C last year . He said the use of both languages in Hinterland represented the `` Wales that we are familiar with '' . The award-winning drama , filmed in Ceredigion , was originally an experiment to test programmes featuring both Welsh and English . He said : `` It 's really worked and I think more people will do that this year - which is a good thing . '' `` There is definitely a place for showing and dramatising the reality of how we speak in Wales , '' he added . `` We have a fragile identity here in this old country of Wales , so if bilingualism makes that last longer , [ it is a ] good thing . ''	More Welsh dramas should become bilingual , the director of Hinterland has said .
5 September 2016 Last updated at 15:27 BST In this edition , then SDLP leader John Hume talks to the late David Dunseith about the Hume-Adams talks in October 1993 . The talks were the beginning of a new nationalist strategy as part of the peace process .	It is BBC Talkback 's 30th birthday on Thursday and , to celebrate , we are taking a look through the programme 's archives to bring you some of the best moments of the last three decades .
A 33-year-old man and a 31-year-old woman were arrested at the scene . The man was later released unconditionally , while the woman remains in police custody . A small amount of class b drugs and a quantity of cash were also recovered from the house . A follow-up search was carried out in the Dunmurry area .	Police have seized about 17,000 suspected Diazepam tablets during the search of a house in Amcomri Street in west Belfast on Thursday .
The Chiefs led 10-6 at half time , but 14 points from Dan Biggar and a try from former Exeter player Josh Matavesi saw the Welsh side get the win . `` Sometimes what a team needs when it 's on a winning run is a loss to give it a kick in the pants , and we 've royally received a kick in the pants , '' he said . `` I 've no doubt that we 'll bounce back from this , we 're a good side . '' The defeat ended an excellent run for the Chiefs , which has seen them move up to second in the Premiership after bonus-point wins over London Irish and Newcastle , as well as victory over fellow high-flyers Leicester . `` That was n't an Exeter Chiefs performance , '' Baxter added on BBC Radio Devon . `` We did n't look full of verve , full of fight and full of steely discipline , we got a little bit ragged a little too often and ultimately we paid the price . `` For a large part of the game it should have been the Ospreys under pressure with the scoreboard like that , but we never played like they were the team under pressure , we looked like the team under pressure for the whole game . ''	Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side must improve after their 25-13 European Champions Cup loss at Ospreys .
Ilfracombe coastguard rescue team was called by a member of the public on Sunday afternoon who had spotted two boys on a cliff . It is believed they had come out of a rubber dingy . One boy was able to climb up the rock to safety , but the other needed to be winched by helicopter . They were `` a bit wet '' but uninjured , according to a coastguard spokesman . He said the two boys had been on holiday in the area at the time of the incident . Eye-witness Andy Jenkins , who filmed the rescue , said the weather conditions were wet and windy . He praised the actions of the rescue team . `` It was very interesting . The professionalism of the helicopter pilot and the winchman was unbelievable . ''	Dramatic footage has been released of a boy being rescued by helicopter after getting into difficulty on a cliff at Combe Martin , Devon .
The 54-year-old was arrested after `` clashing '' with a teenager at the store in Camden on Friday 17 October . In a statement posted on his website following the incident , Mr Joyce claimed he had asked for the police to be called after he had `` detained a youth '' . He is due to appear at Highbury Corner Magistrates ' Court on 30 December . The Metropolitan Police said the former Labour MP , who is now an independent , had been charged with two counts of common assault and one count of criminal damage .	Falkirk MP Eric Joyce has been charged with assault and criminal damage over an incident at a shop in North London .
Police said the crash , involving a silver Citroen , happened at Wester Breich Road in West Calder at about 01:10 on Saturday . The Fire and Rescue service said that when they arrived they found the woman trapped inside the vehicle . However , despite the efforts of ambulance crews she was pronounced dead at the scene . No other vehicles were involved in the crash . Sgt Neil Inglis said : `` The woman 's next of kin have been informed and our condolences are with them at this very difficult time . `` Anyone who may have witnessed this collision , or who saw the Citroen beforehand , is urged to get in touch as soon as possible . ''	A 47-year-old woman has been killed after her car hit a tree in West Lothian .
The draw for the games on 4 February also sees holders Glenavon visit Armagh City while Premiership leaders Crusaders host PSNI . Ballymena United face a tricky test at H & W Welders with Coleraine taking on Tobermore United at the Showgrounds . Portadown go to Loughgall , Dungannon welcome Dollingstown and Warrenpoint are home against Crewe United .	Linfield 's reward for beating Glentoran on Saturday is an away game against Institute in the Irish Cup sixth round .
Darren Eadie said he wanted to create a centre on the coast where players can speak with `` like-minded people who have been through it themselves '' . `` I know there are a lot of people who have suffered in the past and suffering right at the minute , '' he said . He is hoping to get support from the Professional Footballers ' Association . `` [ Football ] is a highly pressured environment , not just for the 90 minutes on a Saturday but throughout the week - you 're constantly scrutinised by the press and fans , '' Eadie said . `` There 's not many environments you can be in where you get that much stick week in , week out . `` You 're under constant pressure to be role models for people . '' Eadie said the `` macho environment '' of football changing rooms makes it difficult for players . `` It 's not one of the places you would often get players admitting to those kind of situations , '' he said . But he hopes providing a specialised clinic in a serene Norfolk setting will give players and their families vital support . `` You 'd rather speak to someone who is in our kind of environment who has played the game rather than ringing up someone from a national charity and speaking to them , '' he said . `` It 's about making it comfortable for them . ''	A former Norwich City footballer who battled with depression wants to set up a clinic in Norfolk to help players deal with mental health issues .
Ex-directors of Leafybug International Ltd , which traded as Furniture Direct in Cardiff , caused losses of £3.04m to HM Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) . Ihtesham Ali Hassan , 36 , of Cardiff , Clive Thomas , 71 , of Llantrisant , and Waseem Mohammed , 44 , of Cardiff were banned for 13 , 11 and 12 years respectively . The frauds happened from 2010 to 2012 . Official receiver Ken Beasley said : `` Leafybug International Ltd was involved in trading connected with fraudulent VAT schemes which had been costing the UK Exchequer significant amounts of money at the time the frauds were perpetrated . '' He added that it was not `` victimless misconduct '' , with `` the honest taxpayer '' suffering the effects of funding shortages in healthcare and education as a result . Mr Beasley described Hassan as knowing he was `` taking part in a systematic criminal attack on the VAT system '' . Thomas failed to make sure that adequate due diligence was conducted by Leafybug and Mohammed failed to disclose to HMRC transactions that had taken place .	Three men have been banned from being company directors after carrying out VAT scams worth £3m .
The 30-year-old England international joined Chelsea from Bolton in January 2012 and signed a new four-year contract last December . He has not started in the Premier League since 26 December , though . Asked about his meeting with Hiddink , Cahill said : `` He was very approachable and it was beneficial , very positive . '' Kurt Zouma and John Terry have become preferred starters in central defence as Chelsea have gone nine matches without defeat under Hiddink . There were suggestions that Cahill had become concerned about his future , as he attempts to secure a place in England 's Euro 2016 squad . `` Obviously , I want to be at the club , '' he told Chelsea 's website . `` I signed a contract a couple of months ago so that shows I want to be here . `` But ultimately , I feel like I need to play football matches . I 've always been that way ; it 's always been in my make-up to play a high percentage of games . `` I realise sometimes things go well , sometimes they do n't , but it 's very important for me to play football matches . ''	Chelsea defender Gary Cahill says he has held `` positive '' talks with interim manager Guus Hiddink and wants to remain at Stamford Bridge .
Crews were called to a farm in Loxley , Warwickshire , at about 14:50 BST on Tuesday . The man , in his eighties , had gone there to fish . West Midlands Ambulance Service said : `` He smoked his pipe and chatted to the farmer , who went into the lake in waders '' . Firefighters carried the driver from his car back onto land . `` He was n't hurt or even cold but crews removed his clothing to ensure he did n't get cold and he was driven home in the ambulance , '' a spokesman said .	An elderly man who accidentally drove into a lake sat in his car calmly smoking his pipe as he waited to be rescued , emergency services have said .
Pell , 23 , joined Eastleigh in January after his contract was cancelled by AFC Wimbledon . He joined Wimbledon from Hereford in January 2013 and made 65 appearances in total for the club . `` I am pleased to bring Harry in because he was one of our first thoughts this summer , '' said Cheltenham manager Gary Johnson . Pell started his professional career with Bristol Rovers and also had a spell at Cambridge United .	Cheltenham Town have signed midfielder Harry Pell , with the length of the contract yet to be finalised .
The pensioner was seriously injured in the incident as he attempted to cross Abercromby Place at its junction with Dundas Street . He was taken to hospital where he was in a stable condition . Police said a report had been submitted to the procurator fiscal . A 31-year-old man is expected to appear in court at a later date .	A man has been charged over a collision between a car and a 73-year-old pedestrian in Edinburgh on 5 December .
The occupants of the car managed to escape from the vehicle before it was hit at Cleghorn level crossing in Lanark on Saturday evening . It was struck by the Virgin service from Preston to Glasgow , which was carrying around 60 passengers just before 19:00 . The incident caused widespread disruption and services were re-routed as a result of the collision . British Transport Police ( BTP ) said its officers were investigating how the vehicle came to be on the tracks . In a statement published on Saturday , a spokesman for BTP said : `` Just after 18:46 we were called to Cleghorn level crossing in Lanark following reports that a car was struck by a train . `` Officers from British Transport Police and Police Scotland are on scene and are being supported by the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . `` Fortunately , all occupants of the vehicle were able to exit before it was struck by the train . There are no reported injuries at this stage . `` Our priority is to ensure the safety of everyone on board the train and the vehicle 's occupants and look to understand how the car came to be on the tracks . '' BTP also said the Rail Accident Investigation Branch and Office of Rail and Road have been notified .	A train hit a car at a level crossing in South Lanarkshire .
Orchard Media and Events Group quit as organiser of the Brecon Jazz weekend last year due to `` financial considerations '' . But residents came together to raise funds and attract sponsors so it could take place for the 32nd time . A feasibility study will be done over the weekend to assess the festival 's future . Brecon Jazz project producer , Lisa Davies , said : `` The trades are behind it , the town council are behind it , so many members of Brecon are behind it , I think it shows more of a want than a need for it . ''	A jazz festival has returned to Powys after supporters rallied round to save it .
The 32-year-old opening batsman first led the Scots in 2013 but lost the role to Preston Mommsen while injured . Mommsen skippered Scotland at the 2015 World Cup and at last year 's World Twenty20 before announcing his surprise retirement in November . Coetzer was interim captain for January 's tour to the United Arab Emirates , with Con de Lange taking over as vice-captain . `` It 's a great honour to lead this group of players for the second time , '' said the former Durham and Northamptonshire player . `` We 've got a real depth in the squad and it 's the start of an exciting era . There 's been a lot of good work done behind the scenes and we 'll be looking to build on that going forward . `` I 'm fortunate enough to inherit a settled squad and look forward to see them develop to the next level . ''	Kyle Coetzer has been confirmed as Scotland captain for a second time .
Dickin Drew , one of the three , said about 150 people attended a public meeting on the issue on Tuesday and 80-90 % were behind their proposals . They have raised concerns over costs , the service and Aurigny 's plan to replace the trislander aircraft . The three will lobby the States of Guernsey , which has backed the plan . Mr Drew said : `` We were amazed by the turnout ... [ there 's ] an anxiety and lack of trust in Aurigny . '' He said the majority were in favour of keeping the `` workhorse '' trislander planes and setting up an airline dedicated to Alderney . Mr Drew said the group , whose other members are John Cadoret and Mike Harrisson , would work up a business case for an airline following discussions with Britten Norman , which manufactures the trislander . The group 's proposals include the Alderney airline taking the name Aurigny , while the Guernsey-based airline rebrands . In response , Aurigny said it would not be providing anyone for interview or issuing a statement . The airline , which has the Norman name for Alderney , started in the island in 1968 , but later moved its base to Guernsey and employs about 290 people across the Channel Islands .	Three Alderney residents will step up a campaign aimed at improving flights to and from the island after receiving public support .
Sadie Hartley , 60 , was discovered with multiple stab wounds at her house in Rossendale , Lancashire on Friday night . Katrina Walsh , 55 , of Hare Lane , Chester , will appear at Blackburn Magistrates ' Court later . Sarah Williams , 34 , of Treborth Road , Blacon , Chester , was remanded in custody on Wednesday by magistrates in Blackburn . She is due before Preston Crown Court on 22 January . Ms Hartley , who was the director of her own medical communications business Hartley Taylor , based in Knutsford , Cheshire , was last seen alive on Thursday at a conference in Manchester . Detectives are continuing to appeal for help tracing several people seen near her home on Thursday evening , including the driver of a passing car . Paying tribute , Ms Hartley 's partner Ian Johnston said : `` It is an utter tragedy that she has been taken so unnecessarily from us and will be sadly missed by all those who knew her . ''	A second woman has been charged with murdering a businesswoman who was found stabbed at her home .
The 33-year-old aggravated a recurring foot injury during a pre-season training session on Friday . He will miss the first four to six weeks of the 2017 campaign . `` I 'm looking forward to getting back onto the playing field as soon as possible and contributing to a successful team , '' Azharullah said .	Northamptonshire pace bowler Muhammad Azharullah has been ruled out of the start of the County Championship Division Two season .
The union 's members , including police community support officers , are unhappy with a 1 % pay rise offer , and are calling for a 3 % wage increase . Up to 30,000 of Unison 's members could be involved in the strike . The dispute also involves 999 call takers , scenes of crime officers and fingerprint experts . In December Unison suspended a planned strike to allow for further talks between the union and employers , but deadlock remains . The union said police staff have faced a pay freeze or below inflation pay rises for the past three years . Unison national officer Ben Priestley described industrial action as a `` last resort '' , and said he was `` hopeful '' the dispute would be resolved and a strike avoided . `` The rules around industrial action mean we have had to call another strike day to ensure we are still able to take strike action should the talks break down , '' he added . When Unison members were balloted for strike action last year 60 % voted in favour .	Thousands of civilian police staff in England and Wales are set to strike on 23 January in a row over pay , Unison has said .
Police said they recovered the pieces after staging a series of raids as part of a probe into black market art . Eight people are being investigated . The `` Walking Horses '' , by Josef Thorak , were custom-made for the Berlin building , which was badly damaged in World War Two and later destroyed by Soviet forces . Also discovered was a huge granite relief by Arno Breker , featuring muscled , shirtless fighters in what police called a `` typical Nazi style '' . The works were last seen at a Soviet barracks near Berlin in 1989 , shortly before the fall of the Berlin wall . German newspaper Bild reported that up until their disappearance , the statues had been painted gold , damaged by bullets , and played on by children .	Two bronze horse statues that once stood in front of Adolf Hitler 's chancellery are among several pieces of Nazi-era art found by German police .
The council needs to save £25m in 2017-18 alone by either increasing council tax , using reserves , capping school budgets or cutting services . Councillor Chris Weaver said protecting residents from the brunt of the cuts was `` getting harder every year '' . The council has already made £200m of savings in the past 10 years . Its budget stands at £587m , but almost 65 % of this is spent on schools and social services . Both areas face rising demand pressures as the city 's population grows and the council 's Budget Strategy Report will go before cabinet on Thursday . Mr Weaver , cabinet member for finance , said : `` There 's no getting away from it , bridging this budget gap will be very challenging indeed , especially in light of the savings the council has made over the past few years . `` There are some services which may have to go or will only be saved through partnership working with residents or other organisations , or finding new ways to cover costs . ''	Services may be axed as Cardiff Council faces cutting £74m from its budget over the next three years , the authority has warned .
Pte Shaun Cole , 22 , from Edinburgh , had been attending the Ultra Music festival in Miami with two friends when he died . It was reported that his body was found on a pavement on Sunday and that he died as a result of a head injury . He was serving with the Royal Scots Borderers . Miami Police are still investigating Pte Cole 's death . Pte Cole 's family said : `` We would like to inform everyone that Miami Police are now following a line of inquiry that would suggest that Shaun was involved in a hit-and-run incident . `` We would like to thank Miami Police and consular staff and everyone who has offered support to our family over the last few days . '' Police in the US said the former Tynecastle High School pupil had suffered a blunt force trauma to the head . Pte Cole had recently returned from serving in Sierra Leone , where he was helping in the fight against Ebola .	Police are investigating the possibility that a Scots soldier who died in Florida was involved in a hit-and-run incident , his family have said .
Andrew Balbirnie and Stuart Thompson have been ruled out of the tournament . Batsman Balbirnie failed a late fitness test having sustained a glute strain , while all-rounder Thompson suffered an ankle injury during training on Friday . The event technical committee has approved Stuart Poynter and Lorcan Tucker as replacements for the duo . `` It 's unfortunate for both players who were keen to re-establish themselves in the squad having missed most of the 2016 season , '' said a Cricket Ireland spokesperson . `` Stuart Poynter and Lorcan Tucker are both excellent replacements who I 'm sure will acquit themselves well given the opportunity . '' Tucker , 20 , made his debut last season against Hong Kong , while 26 year-old Poynter has played 10 T20 internationals for Ireland . Ireland have been drawn in Group A of the eight-team tournament , against hosts UAE , Afghanistan and Namibia . Ireland 's opening match with Afghanistan at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium gets under way at 15:00 GMT .	Ireland have been dealt a double injury blow ahead of their opening Desert T20 Challenge game with Afghanistan in Abu Dhabi on Saturday .
21 November 2015 Last updated at 10:36 GMT The Adele impersonators think they are auditioning to take part in an Adele tribute show for the BBC , but they do n't know the real Adele is also amongst them , in disguise . Instead of calling herself Adele , she pretended to be called Jenny and even had a fake prosthetic nose put on , so she would n't look like herself . But when the fake 'Jenny ' starts singing , it does n't take them too long to realise something is not quite right . The sketch was all set up for a BBC programme about Adele .	Adele has 'auditioned ' for the role of herself , in a sketch set up to fool a group of Adele impersonators .
Wilson , who has been with City for 10 years , will work along manager David Moyes and chief executive Martin Bain from 1 January . Bain said Wilson will have input into `` scouting , recruitment , medical services , player pathways and youth development '' in the new role . He previously worked with Moyes at Preston North End . `` My role will be to ensure that we have the best practices , systems and people in place in order to give the club the best platform to achieve its goals , '' said Wilson .	Sunderland have appointed Manchester City 's director of football services Simon Wilson as chief football officer .
St Helens ' Livesey , 21 , started slowly against Krygyzstan 's Kseniia Beldiagina but , with 90 seconds to go , executed a big throw for waza-ari and saw it out . It was her second Grand Prix medal after -57kg bronze in Zagreb last year . `` I felt rusty and slow but I 'm really pleased , '' said Livesey , who will fight in this month 's European Championships . `` Returning from injury is really hard because you doubt yourself , thinking you 're not as good as you were but it 's really great to be back on the podium . '' On Saturday , Livesey 's sister Amy ( -63kg ) fights for Britain , as do junior world number one Lubjana Piovesana ( -63kg ) , Gemma Howell ( -70kg ) and Ebony Drysdale-Daley ( -70kg ) .	Britain 's Bekky Livesey won a bronze medal at the Antalya Grand Prix in her second competition since a six-month knee injury lay-off .
19 February 2017 Last updated at 10:05 GMT The big `` Tomato War '' happens every year and was started by someone who lives in the city . Around 100 tonnes of old tomatoes were placed inside a big ring , where people can throw them at each other . Even the local firefighters joined in to help wash away some of the mess . Take a look at the Tomato War in action ...	Hundreds of people have taken part in a huge tomato throwing battle in Quillon in Chile , South America .
The Cheltenham Gold Cup winner beat rivals Seventh Sky and Southfield Theatre on Sunday to claim his first win since taking steeplechasing 's blue riband prize in March . Jockey Nico de Boinville guided the eight-year-old to a 25-length triumph . Coneygree , who is unbeaten over fences , will ride in the Hennessy Gold Cup at Newbury on Saturday , 28 November . `` He felt great . We were in tight a couple of times and he shortened up well . He 's just the same old Coneygree , '' said De Boinville .	Coneygree warmed up for the Hennessy Gold Cup later this month with an impressive comeback victory at Sandown .
Tony Wadsworth and his wife Julie are accused of offences against four boys under 16 in Atherstone , Warwickshire , between 1995 and 1999 . The couple held hands at Leamington Magistrates ' Court and spoke only to confirm their names and addresses . The pair worked at BBC Radio Leicester and BBC WM in Birmingham . The case was adjourned to Warwick Crown Court . Mr Wadsworth , 68 , of Old Mill Road , Broughton Astley , Leicestershire , is charged with five counts of inciting a boy under the age of 16 to commit an act of gross indecency . Mrs Wadsworth , 58 , who was known as Julie Mayer , also of Old Mill Road , is charged with seven counts of the same offence .	Two BBC radio presenters have appeared in court charged with sex offences against four children .
Deputy Chief Constable Neil Richardson 's contract expires soon and he will not seek to have it renewed . The head of Police Scotland , Phil Gormley , said his deputy 's `` contribution has been outstanding '' . DCC Richardson has worked in Scottish policing for more than 30 years and helped oversee the service become one single force . Last year he competed for the top police job in Scotland , but Mr Gormley was chosen above him and colleague Iain Livingstone . Amid much controversy , Police Scotland was created in April 2013 . Its first boss was Sir Stephen House who stepped down from the role in December 2015 . Most recently DCC Richardson has had to defend to politicians the behaviour of Police Scotland 's Counter-Corruption Unit which he headed . The unit breached rules on intercepting phone calls when it tried to obtain details of a journalist 's sources . Following news of his impending departure , DCC Richardson said : `` I am extremely proud of what we have achieved in Police Scotland and privileged to have been able to play a part in what has been an historic change to policing in this country . ''	A senior policeman embroiled in a row over spying is stepping down from his current role at Police Scotland .
David Nigel Dallimore admitted painting the message , `` Happy birthday Zoe M love from Dai '' , in Grant Street , Llanelli , in July last year . He agreed to pay a fixed penalty of £75 , but was taken before Llanelli magistrates by Carmarthenshire council after failing to pay . He was fined £220 , plus £351 costs and £30 victim surcharge . Jim Jones of Carmarthenshire council said : `` Graffiti can be expensive to clear off as specialist products may have to be used to remove the paint in an environmentally-friendly way . `` Out of the costs awarded , £220 is going to pay for the cost of removing this message from the road . ''	A man 's birthday greeting cost him £600 - because he painted it on the road in his street .
Ritchie , 27 , was charged with using abusive or insulting language towards a match official in or around the tunnel area in the 1-1 Championship draw with Leeds United on 14 April . He was also fined £5,000 by the independent regulatory commission . The Scotland international will miss matches against Cardiff and Barnsley . Since moving to St James ' Park from Bournemouth in July 2016 , Ritchie has made 52 appearances , scoring 16 goals .	Newcastle United winger Matt Ritchie has been banned for the final two games of the season after he admitted a Football Association misconduct charge .
Tries from Kurt Gidley , Stefan Ratchford and Tom Lineham secured an 18-10 win for Wolves , a week after they secured the League Leaders ' Shield . Wire have reached two Grand Finals previously , in 2012 and 2013 , but have never won the showpiece event . `` Our boys just had that determination , '' Smith told 5 Live Sports Extra . `` I thought we made it a bit hard on ourselves as our kicking game was n't fantastic and we made a couple of errors here and there - even where we attacked was n't the smartest at times . `` But I just had that feeling that no matter what happened tonight they were going to work hard for each other and that 's a really big ingredient in rugby league . `` You might not be squeaky clean or perfect in some areas but if you work really hard for each other you can cover over a lot of cracks . ''	Warrington head coach Tony Smith has praised the character of his players after they beat St Helens to reach the Grand Final .
It shows consumers carried on spending as normal after June 's Brexit vote . Other figures from the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) show economic growth accelerated faster than thought in the run-up to the referendum . Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) grew by 0.7 % in the three months to the end of June , up from the 0.6 % first estimated . The second-quarter figures were well up from the 0.4 % growth of the previous quarter . ONS statistician Darren Morgan said : `` Together this fresh data tends to support the view that there has been no sign of an immediate shock to the economy , although the full picture will continue to emerge . '' The figures will help the Bank of England assess policy when it next meets in November . It has already cut interest rates since the UK voted to leave the EU and has hinted there could be another one if needed .	The UK services sector grew 0.4 % in July , much more strongly than expected in the wake of June 's vote to leave the European Union .
The parents , from Cleethorpes , each received fines for their son 's eight-day absence from a North East Lincolnshire school during term time . They took him out of school last June to attend the weddings . At Grimsby Magistrates Court , both denied two charges of their son failing to attend regularly at school . In court , the pair said they believed their son had an attendance record of more than 90 % . But the prosecution said it was at 87 % . The pair are due to stand trial at the same court on 24 March . In a statement , North East Lincolnshire Council said : `` In consultation with the local Magistrates Court and our legal team , we have introduced a 90 per cent threshold . `` It is up to head teachers to decide if an absence from school is authorised or unauthorised . ''	A couple accused of taking their son out of primary school to attend two family weddings have appeared in court .
As one of sailing 's top honours , it was first contested in 1851 in a race between the United States and Great Britain around the Isle of Wight . To celebrate the race to lift the Auld Mug , we take a look at the weird and wonderful trophies and stories behind them from the world of sport . You know the competitions , but how well do you know the trophies ? Test yourself with our quiz ... Picture credits : Getty and EPA .	The America 's Cup returned last weekend with Ben Ainslie 's Land Rover BAR team continuing their quest to become the first British crew to win the famous trophy .
Halewood Academy in Knowsley said its sixth form is not financially viable and will be closed by August next year . About 900 people studied A-levels outside of the borough last year . Knowsley Council met with local MPs and schools minister Nick Gibb and have pledged to ensure A-levels are taught . They agreed to hold regular meetings to `` ensure good A-level provision '' by September 2017 . Council members in charge of children 's services , Gary See and Paul Boyce , met with the schools minister , local MPs and the regional schools commissioner on Tuesday . Mr See said 900 young people from Knowsley studied A-levels outside of the borough last year so they are `` therefore confident '' they will be able to `` create a new offer that provides our young people with a choice '' . Knowsley has the lowest proportion of students taking A-levels in England at 2 % . Following a consultation process , Halewood Academy 's governors have submitted a business case to the Secretary of State for Education , Nicky Morgan , who is yet to make the final decision on the closure .	Education chiefs at a borough under-threat of becoming a `` no A-level '' area are determined the qualifications will continue despite the planned closure of the only sixth form offering them .
The men , aged 25 , and 35 , were arrested earlier on Tuesday on suspicion of financing terrorism , police said . They were arrested at two separate addresses where officers are continuing to carry out inquiries . `` The arrests were part of a continuing investigation and were intelligence led . There was no immediate threat to public safety , '' a force spokesman said . The 25-year-old was released on bail pending further inquiries , West Midlands Police said .	Two men have been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences in Coventry .
22 February 2017 Last updated at 12:56 GMT The colourful County Kerry politician , Michael Healy-Rae , told the Irish parliament that `` nothing short of the army '' would solve the problem . Regional Economic Development Minister Michael Ring agreed that the management of the `` aggressive rhododendron is a long-standing , ongoing programme '' in the park . But he rejected the suggestion that the government had neglected the public facility or its flowery foreign foes .	The Irish army should be called in to do battle with rhododendrons because the plants are `` taking over '' a national park , the government has been told .
Between Sunday evening and Monday morning , 105 vehicles were damaged in Hawthorn Avenue and the surrounding streets in Somerton . On Tuesday morning , a further 12 reports of criminal damage were made . A 30-year-old man from Newport has been arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage . Gwent Police is investigating and a spokeswoman said the force is keeping an open mind as to whether more than one person is responsible .	Almost 120 vehicles in an area of Newport have had their tyres slashed , wing mirrors damaged or windscreen wipers snapped in just over 24 hours .
Finance Wales invested more than £56m in businesses in 2015-16 , up by £10m on the previous year , and £79m was raised from private sector funding . Of those jobs , 1,163 were created and 2,555 were safeguarded . Companies that benefited included Tomlinson 's Dairies in Wrexham , Peerless Gas in Flintshire and Siltbusters in Monmouthshire . Finance Wales , which uses money from the Welsh Government and other investors , makes investments in Welsh-based businesses , from £1,000 to £3m . Chairman Gareth Bullock said : `` We fill a gap left by mainstream lenders , offering flexible finance solutions to companies who may struggle to get the package they need from the traditional sources of finance . `` Where there is decreased risk appetite in the wider investment market , we 're able to step in and take that risk burden to help support ambitious Welsh businesses . `` I 'm proud of that , I 'm proud of our flexibility and the approach our staff take to tailor deals for micro to medium companies . ''	More than 3,700 jobs have been created or safeguarded following investment in small and medium businesses in Wales .
Israeli officials said he had tried to storm the embassy . The office of the Ankara governor said the suspect appears to be `` mentally unstable '' , and no links had been found to any organisation . No-one at the embassy was hurt , Israeli officials say . Local reports said staff took refuge as the attack began . Several embassies in Ankara were closed late last week amid reports of a possible militant attack . Turkey has been caught up in a series of deadly attacks in the past year , by jihadist group Islamic State and Kurdish militant groups . How dangerous is Turkey 's instability ? Bomb disposal experts are examining a suspicious package at the scene . The Times of Israel reported that the assailant tried to stab a security guard , who then fired a warning shot before shooting the man in the leg . Turkey 's state-run news agency , Anadolu , said the man was carrying the knife wrapped in newspaper before taking it out , brandishing it and shouting . It said he ignored warnings from staff . A spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry , Emmanuel Nahson , said the man was wounded in the foot . He said : `` We do n't know if he was attacking police officers or the embassy itself . ''	A man wielding a knife has been shot and wounded by security officials outside Israel 's embassy in the Turkish capital , Ankara .
The midfielder , real name Adilson Tavares Varela , was arrested on 25 January 2015 after the alleged incident in Gateshead . The 27-year-old , who previously pleaded not guilty to the charges , will stand trial at Newcastle Crown Court on 25 April . Cabral only made one Premier League appearance for Sunderland in 2013-14 . Sunderland AFC announced on 2 February 2015 that the player had left the club by mutual consent . The former Swiss Under-21 international previously played for Lausanne , Sevilla and FC Basel . He currently plays for FC Zurich . Sunderland AFC declined to comment . Former Sunderland winger Adam Johnson , 28 , who played for England 12 times , will be sentenced at Bradford Crown Court on 24 March after he was convicted of sexual activity with a girl of 15 .	Former Sunderland player Cabral is to go on trial accused of two counts of rape .
The body was found in Hinckley , Leicestershire , on Sunday morning . The woman , who lives in the county , was arrested on suspicion of concealing a birth and in connection with the death . Leicestershire Police said an initial post-mortem examination had been completed but further tests were required to determine how the baby died . The force has yet to say whether the child was a boy or girl .	A 27-year-old woman , questioned after a newborn baby was found dead in bag , has been released on bail .
Popeyes , whose fans include pop singer Beyonce , began 45 years ago as a Southern-fried `` Chicken on the Run '' restaurant in a New Orleans suburb . The chain now has more that 2,600 outlets , mainly in the US . Restaurant Brands , which includes the Tim Hortons chain , has more than 20,000 outlets in more than 100 countries . The $ 1.8bn deal will see Popeyes shareholders get $ 79 for each share they hold . Media speculation about the sale began on 10 February , Restaurant Brands said in a statement . Daniel Schwartz , the chief executive of Restaurant Brands , said : `` We look forward to taking an already very strong brand and accelerating its pace of growth and opening new restaurants in the US and around the world . '' Restaurant Brands was formed in 2014 , when 3G Capital-backed Burger King acquired Canadian coffee and doughnut chain Tim Hortons for $ 11bn . The fast food giant said it would pay for the Popeyes deal with `` cash in hand '' and financing from JP Morgan and Wells Fargo .	Burger King owner Restaurant Brands is to expand its fast food empire by buying chicken chain Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen for $ 1.8bn ( Â£1.45bn ) in cash .
Seven adults and two children were arrested for entering the UK illegally after police were called to Heathpark Industrial Estate , Honiton , at about 14:20 GMT on Wednesday . The driver said he had arrived in the UK through Dover a few hours before . All of the suspects are believed to be from Eritrea . Devon and Cornwall Police said they `` appeared to be healthy and no medical services were required '' . They were taken to a custody centre in Exeter and are being dealt with by immigration officers .	Nine suspected illegal immigrants have been arrested after a lorry driver heard their voices inside the vehicle 's container when he got to Devon .
Police were called at 05:15 BST to reports of an overturned van towing a caravan between junctions 8 and 9 on the northbound M11 in Essex . The girl was taken to hospital although her injuries are not believed to be serious , police said . Three men from Poland are currently being questioned by officers . Police said two of the men , aged 42 and 19 , were arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and people trafficking . The third man , aged 29 , was arrested on suspicion of immigration offences .	Three men have been arrested after a 15-year-old girl suspected of being a victim of people trafficking was found in a van that crashed on the motorway .
Prestayn fans raised £53,000 for the Cymru Alliance champions and now they have been granted an FAW domestic licence . The Welsh Football League Division One leaders Barry Town United were awarded the licence for a second season . The former WPL winners will return to the top tier for the first time since 2004 if they finish in the top two . Also at the Football Association of Wales licensing meeting , all existing WPL clubs were awarded the Domestic Licence , but Rhyl and Airbus UK Broughton were refused the UEFA Licence . Find out how to get into football with our special guide . Sign up for the 2017 FA People 's Cup and take your chance to win tickets to the FA Cup final and achieve national five-a-side glory .	Prestatyn Town will play in the Welsh Premier League ( WPL ) just months after they survived a winding up petition .
The Wood took the lead in the ninth minute through Ricky Snakes as he turned in Harry White 's rebounded shot . Midfielder Jake Gallagher brought the Shots level two minutes later as he beat keeper James Russell to the ball . With 13 minutes remaining , Chris Barker saw red for handball in the box and Clifford stepped up to secure the win . Boreham Wood move above Halifax , who have a game in hand , after the Shaymen fell to defeat by National League champions Cheltenham . Aldershot Town boss Barry Smith told BBC Surrey : Media playback is not supported on this device `` We know the performance was n't good enough . `` I would n't say it was down to lack of effort , we just never got into a tempo , we never raised the game and they caused us problems all day . `` It 's about having a winning mentality - no matter what stage of the season , no matter who we are playing . `` I think a few took their eye off the ball , which is disappointing for the fans because they 've paid good money to watch these boys . ''	Conor Clifford 's penalty helped Boreham Wood clinch a narrow victory over ten-man Aldershot and a move out of the National League relegation places .
Anne Peterson , 59 , was found guilty of four counts of fraud while working at Lloyds Bank in Barry . She told Cardiff Crown Court that she was on holiday when the transactions took place and that somebody else had used her bank log in details . Judge Stephen Hopkins adjourned sentencing until 23 June . He told Peterson that she had been convicted on `` compelling and overwhelming evidence '' and that she `` ought to be thoroughly ashamed '' of herself . Peterson withdrew £12,000 from the account belonging to a 92-year-old woman , £4,000 of which was just a fortnight after her death . Her second victim was an 83-year-old man , who had £5,080 taken from his account . The court heard Peterson diverted their statements so they would not be able to find out what was going on .	A Vale of Glamorgan bank worker faces jail for withdrawing more than £17,000 from the accounts of two customers , one of which had died .
Coe is running against former Olympic pole-vault champion Sergey Bubka . The vote takes place on 19 August . `` My 100-day plan seeks to put in place important changes that will secure a brighter future for athletics globally , '' Coe said . He added : `` I am convinced that athletics can reclaim a new golden era , but to deliver this ambition I believe that we must have the right IAAF structures and resources in place , including a fully independent anti-doping agency for international level athletics . '' Coe had previously cited the creation of athletics ' own anti-doping body when launching his election manifesto in December . But the pledge to make it a priority was one of eight unveiled by London 2012 Olympics chief Coe , also including the formation of a group to examine the athletics calendar and the creation of a department to advise on engagement with young people . `` We must also look creatively at the global athletics calendar , the way we present our sport and engage effectively with young people , '' the double Olympic gold-medallist added .	Sebastian Coe has pledged to set up athletics ' own anti-doping body within 100 days if elected president of the sport 's governing body , the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) .
The Argentina and Barcelona forward missed out on another international trophy when his side were beaten on penalties by Chile in the Copa America . `` For me the national team is over . I 've done all I can , it hurts not to be a champion , '' said Messi . With Barcelona , Messi has won eight La Liga titles and four Champions Leagues . But with Argentina the star player has not been as lucky . `` It 's been four finals , it 's not meant for me . I tried , '' said Messi . `` It was the thing I wanted the most , but I could n't get it , so I think it 's over , '' he added .	Lionel Messi has announced that he 's retiring from international football .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 9 December 2014 Last updated at 17:59 GMT Each year , more people are being reached with life-saving malaria interventions , the WHO says . In 2004 , 3 % of those at risk had access to mosquito nets , but now 50 % do . See the story in 15 seconds .	Global efforts have halved the number of people dying from malaria - a tremendous achievement , the World Health Organization says .
Cooke took the lead following the first event - swimming - before dropping to second after the fencing and third after the riding . However , in the combined run and shoot discipline he recorded the quickest time to beat Hungarian duo Adam Marosi and Bence Demeter into first . Cooke 's victory gave Great Britain a first World Cup medal of the season .	British pentathlete Jamie Cooke claimed his third World Cup gold with victory in Hungary on Sunday .
The 57-year-old 's body was found after firefighters put out the blaze at Standford Hall flats in Allison Drive . The emergency services had been called to the incident at about 17:30 on Friday . Police have said inquiries are under way into the cause of the fire but there do not appear to be any suspicious circumstances .	A man has died in a house fire in Cambuslang , South Lanarkshire .
Raheem Wilks , the 19-year-old brother of Leeds United 's Mallik Wilks , was shot near Too Sharps on Gathorne Terrace , Harehills , on 26 January . A 30-year-old man has been detained on suspicion of murder , and a 31-year-old woman was arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender . Both were arrested at an address in Hunslet and remain in custody . Mr Wilks died in hospital . A post-mortem examination revealed he died as a result of a single gunshot wound to the chest . Two men have been charged with his murder . Jaydn Manners , 23 , of Louis Street , Chapeltown , and Keal Richards , 21 , of Francis Street , also in Chapeltown , were both remanded in custody . Four men arrested on Friday have been released on bail pending further inquiries .	Two more arrests have been made after a footballer 's brother was killed in a shooting outside a barbers in Leeds .
But the Premier League club rejected the move for last season 's top scorer . Manager Garry Monk insisted the France international `` is a Swansea City player '' and `` I 'm not thinking about him leaving '' . `` Bafe is focused on doing a good job , '' Monk told reporters . `` We had the same thing in January but he ended up finishing the season well . '' Gomis was wanted by Emirates side Al Ahli ahead of their AFC Champions League quarter-final next month but they have instead signed Brazilian striker Lima from Portuguese club Benfica . `` That club made contact with us and made an enquiry , '' added Monk . `` That 's no problem , that happens . `` But Bafe is a Swansea City player . We are looking forward to working with him and him hopefully having a productive season . '' `` We are looking forward to working with him and him hopefully having a productive season . '' The 12-times capped France international was omitted from Swansea 's team against Nottingham Forest on Saturday with a hamstring injury .	Swansea City have confirmed they have had an enquiry from Dubai club Al Ahli to sign striker Bafetimbi Gomis .
The body of a male was discovered when emergency services were called to The Causeway in Mark , Somerset , at 05:15 BST on Saturday An Avon and Somerset Police spokesman said officers were trying to establish the circumstances of the man 's death and are appealing for witnesses . A 27-year-old man remains in custody for questioning , he added .	A man has been arrested after a body was found inside a car submerged in a drainage ditch .
The Brazil forward , 26 , scored once in just two appearances after joining the Premier League club in January . Pato 's parent club Corinthians said they sold their stake in the former AC Milan player to enable the move . The Brazilian outfit added that the two clubs have decided not to release `` economic figures involved in the deal '' .	Spanish side Villarreal have signed former Chelsea loanee Alexandre Pato from Corinthians .
A glorious morning allowed dozens of hot air balloons to take off from Ashton Court as part of the annual Bristol Balloon Fiesta . The fiesta , now in its 39th year , is Europe 's largest balloon festival , attracting pilots and visitors from far and wide . This year , more than 130 balloons are taking part in the four-day event . But on Thursday and Saturday , organisers had to cancel mass ascents because of high winds .	Weather permitting , a second ascent is planned for Sunday evening .
Police had appealed for witnesses after the attack in Abercromby Street , in the east end of the city , on Thursday . A spokesman for Police Scotland said a report would be sent to the procurator fiscal .	A 23-year-old man has been arrested after an elderly couple were attacked in their home at a sheltered housing complex in Glasgow .
The officers assisted in the arrests of the men , aged between 17 and 56 , after reports of weapons being used in Newport , Shropshire , on Thursday . The victim , a man in his 30s , sustained serious hand injuries and other minor injuries , believed to have been caused by a bladed instrument , police said . The men were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm . The man is being treated in hospital , a spokesman said . Anyone who witnessed the incident in Vineyard Road is asked to contact the force .	Six people were arrested after a man was seriously hurt in an attack that led to armed police being brought in .
The airline , one of the largest in the US , said it was unsure how many steeply discounted tickets it had issued . It temporarily shut down its website and ceased taking telephone orders after discovering the error . The tickets were sold on Thursday through its online booking system . Passengers must still pay US security fees of about $ 5 ( Â£3.15 ) - $ 10 . `` We 've reviewed the error that occurred yesterday and based on these specific circumstances , we will honor the tickets , '' the airline wrote in a tweet . US travellers snatched up tickets for destinations as far afield as Hawaii . Bob Stokas of Oak Lawn , a suburb of Chicago , told a local NBC affiliate he had been shopping for a return fare to Los Angeles , expecting to pay as much as $ 800 . `` When I scrolled down past the non-stop fares , when I got to the connecting flights , the flights to and from Los Angeles per person was $ 10 , '' he told the broadcaster . `` That was a shock and a surprise , and I was like , ' I 've got to book this flight right now before they rescind their offer of $ 10 for this flight . ' ''	United Airlines has pledged to honour airline tickets sold for as little as $ 0 because of a computer error .
The 22-year-old was released by Championship side Derby County in the summer and joined the Glovers on trial . Santos was born in Sao Paulo and moved to England at the age of 12 , where he was at Stoke City and Bristol Rovers before joining Derby in 2014 . Glovers manager Darren Way said : `` Alefe has been unlucky at Derby with a high turnover of managers , but I think he 's a special talent . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Yeovil Town have signed Brazil-born winger Alefe Santos on a two-year deal .
The bodies of Julie Hill , 51 , and her mother Rose , 75 , were discovered at a property in Shirebrook , Derbyshire , at 22:10 GMT on Friday . Christopher Whelan , 20 , will appear at Chesterfield Justice Centre on Tuesday charged with their murders . Julie Hill 's dog , thought to be a terrier , is missing from the house , police say . Mr Whelan , of Dransfield Road , Sheffield , was arrested the day after the women 's bodies were found by police and paramedics . Derbyshire Police said Julie Hill lived at the address in Station Road , while her mother lived in Sheffield . Anyone with any information , or anyone who knows the whereabouts of the dog , is asked to contact Derbyshire Police .	A man has been charged with murdering a woman and her mother after the women were found dead at a house .
The 43-year-old sustained serious injuries to her forearms and face at the 300-acre ( 121 hectare ) Shell Island campsite at Llanbedr . Emergency services were called just before 08:30 BST , and the incident is under investigation . Crews said it was understood to have involved a portable gas stove . The accident follows a similar one last week in Denbighshire , in which a 14-year-old boy suffered neck and arm burns while refilling a camping stove with fuel . He was taken to hospital after the incident at Hendwr , Corwen on 25 June . Stuart Millington , the senior fire safety manager for North Wales Fire and Rescue Service , said : `` I can not emphasise enough how important it is for campers using gas to correctly follow the manufactures instructions and to make sure that all appliances are assembled correctly . `` Every year we see injuries as a result of camping incidents , some of them extremely serious . `` Four years ago two men tragically lost their lives after a caravan fire in Barmouth which also resulted in a two-year-old girl sustaining very serious burns . ''	Firefighters are urging campers to take care after a woman was airlifted to hospital in Gwynedd with serious burns on Tuesday .
The Mancunian Way in Manchester has been partially closed since the end of last summer because of the holes . The key commuter route was shut in both directions for a full inspection on Monday and Tuesday , for an inspection and further maintenance . It is due to reopen in full at 06:00 BST on Wednesday . Heavy rainfall caused of the holes to open in August , with the second appearing close by a month later . The problems led to a partial closure with a contraflow while replacement sewer pipes were installed . John Fryer , of Transport for Greater Manchester , said : `` The full reopening of the Mancunian Way is undoubtedly great news . `` It has been a significant challenge for us in terms of managing the traffic flows on already busy roads , but we 've used our state-of-the-art control centre to adjust traffic signal timings to minimise delays as far as possible . '' Kate Chappell , executive member for the environment at Manchester City Council , said : `` This two-day inspection closure , which was postponed while other work was going on , is the final push before the welcome full re-opening of the Mancunian Way . ''	A busy city road beset by problems after two sinkhole-like holes appeared has been closed to all traffic for two days before finally reopening .
The incident happened as Wrexham team Cefn Druids AFC were losing 7-0 at home to Caernarfon Town FC on Saturday . Police said a number of people were involved in the incident . They want any supporters who filmed the incident on mobile phones to get in touch . Both clubs , who play in the Huws Grays Alliance , said they would not comment while awaiting the referee 's report . The incident took place at the Cefn Druids home ground , The Rock . Supt Gareth Evans said : `` We share the disappointment of law abiding fans present at the match where violence broke out . `` An investigation is under way and I would like to thank the fans yesterday who assisted officers with establishing what had occurred . `` Anyone who directly witnessed or were the subject of any threats or violence should contact us on 101 if they have not already done so . `` Similarly , if you recorded what happened on a mobile phone please get in touch . It is clear there were a number of people involved . `` The investigation will look at all aspects of the incident and I ask for patience while officers work through this information , speak to witnesses and view CCTV and mobile phone footage . '' The Football Association of Wales did not have any comment to make .	North Wales Police are investigating after a brawl broke out at a football match .
Nicholas Salvador , 25 , of Enfield , also pleaded not guilty at the Old Bailey to assault by ABH , by reason of insanity . He is accused of killing Palmira Silva , found dead in a garden in Nightingale Road , Edmonton , north London , in September 2014 . Mr Salvador is also charged with assaulting a police officer . Police found Ms Silva 's body after being called to the area following reports an animal had been attacked . Neighbours paid tribute to Ms Silva , an Italian widow who ran a cafe in Church Street , near Edmonton Green station . Sylvia Lewis said : `` She was a lovely lady , she did n't have a bad bone in her body . ''	A man accused of beheading an 82-year-old woman has pleaded not guilty to murder by reason of insanity .
Knott made 24 appearances for the Gills last season after joining from Bradford in June 2016 , but was placed on the transfer list in May . The 24-year-old ended last season on loan with Lincoln , helping them win promotion from the National League . `` We had a great end to last season and it was only right to come back here , '' he told Lincoln 's club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Lincoln City have signed midfielder Billy Knott on a one-year deal following his release by Gillingham .
Twice Olympic bronze medallist Barnes , 29 , has won his opening two professional contests since joining the paid ranks after the Rio Olympics . `` We 're looking at a European title fight . Definitely in Belfast , '' Barnes told BBC Sport Northern Ireland . Conlan , meanwhile , is likely to fight in Chicago or Boston next . London Olympics bronze medallist Conlan made a winning professional debut in New York 's Madison Square Garden on St Patrick 's Day when he produced a third-round stoppage of American Tim Ibarra as he topped the bill . Conlan 's father John , Ulster Amateur Boxing 's high performance coach , says the Belfast fighter may again headline the card in his next contest . `` At the moment , [ his promoters ] Top Rank are looking at maybe Chicago or Boston after what happened in Madison Square Garden , '' added the boxer 's father . `` They are talking about him headlining a show again . `` There is also talk of Michael being on the Manny Pacquiao card in Australia in July . '' Top Rank boss Bob Arum said a couple of weeks ago that Pacquiao was in line to fight against Australian prospect Jeff Horn in Brisbane .	Paddy Barnes is hoping to fight for a European title belt before the end of the summer while Michael Conlan is set to box in the US again soon .
The 41-year-old from County Durham was in charge of the 2012 League Cup final at Wembley when Liverpool won against Cardiff City on penalties . Clattenburg also took charge of the 2012 Olympic men 's final when Mexico beat favourites Brazil at Wembley . `` It 's an honour and a massive achievement , '' said Clattenburg , who will take charge of games at Euro 2016 . `` These days you get told what games you 're doing by text , but when you see a call coming in from the FA referees ' department you know it 's important . '' United , winners 11 times , have not won the FA Cup since 2004 while Palace are seeking a first triumph . Clattenburg refereed Wednesday 's Champions League semi-final first leg between Atletico Madrid and Bayern Munich , which the Spanish hosts won 1-0 .	Mark Clattenburg will referee the FA Cup final between Manchester United and Crystal Palace at Wembley on 21 May .
Main sponsor tyre maker Pirelli has torn up its contract with the Chinese Super League , and football officials have failed to find a new one . National broadcaster China Central Television is refusing to show the matches , and there are reports of poor ticket sales at some clubs . The league has been hit by a series of scandals in recent years . The problems do not stem from a lack of interest in football in China - there are tens of millions of potential fans . The problem is the league itself , or more precisely , the people who run it . Several senior officials from the Chinese Football Association have been arrested over match-fixing allegations . Top referees were sacked for taking bribes and even players have been tainted by claims of corruption . The national team has not helped either - years of poor results have seen China drop to 76 in the Fifa world rankings . That has turned off fans , many of whom now prefer to watch top European football instead .	China 's top football league is beginning a new season without a main sponsor or a national TV deal .
The Denmark international goalkeeper had one year to run on the deal he signed when joining on a free transfer from Manchester United in August 2015 . His only Albion game came in a League Cup defeat at Norwich last September . The 32-year-old , who is now a free agent , joined Championship outfit Preston North End for the second half of last season , playing 14 times . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Anders Lindegaard has left West Brom after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent .
Paula Hooper , 52 , struck the masked man on the arm when he demanded money from the till at Ely Post Office at about 08:30 BST on Tuesday . CCTV footage then shows her chasing him out of the shop from behind the counter . Ms Hooper said she thought it was a `` Halloween joke '' when she saw the red devil mask . `` I then saw the big kitchen knife he was waving and he demanded I open the till , threatening me with a lot of swearing , '' she said . `` I screamed and did n't think twice but sounded the alarm and grabbed the baseball bat which we always keep handy for something like this . `` I caught him on the arm and he just turned and I chased him out of the shop . '' Postmaster Shady Taha , who was in his office at the time of the incident , described Ms Hooper as the `` hero of the day '' . South Wales Police called her `` a brave woman '' and launched an appeal to find the man .	A Post Office worker foiled a knife-wielding robber in Cardiff by lashing out with a baseball bat .
The 24-year-old from Jordanstown , who missed out of a full tour card , had six bogeys and two birdies at Rancho Mirage , California , on Thursday . Meadow is nine shots behind leaders Ai Miyazato and of Japan and Spain 's Azahara Munoz . Leading amateur Leona Maguire , from Cavan , finished on three over .	Northern Ireland 's Stephanie Meadow carded an opening four-over-par 76 in the first major of the season on the LPGA Tour , the ANA Inspiration .
Some groups walked more than 100 miles ( 170km ) to reach the island off the Northumberland coast . Each group carried a large wooden cross to the island , which was once home to St Cuthbert and where the world famous Lindisfarne Gospels were created . Once on the island the wooden crosses are decorated as part of traditional Easter celebrations . The Northern Cross pilgrimage started 40 years ago with a group walking from Penrith in Cumbria . Co-ordinator Ellie Feline said : `` It might often be thought pilgrimage is a historic activity , yet Christian pilgrimage is very much alive , demonstrated yearly by the five million people who go to Lourdes , or the 200,000 who walk the Camino di Santiago . `` Northern Cross is another example of this . A combination of walking holiday and retreat - on pilgrimage we are removed from many trappings of modern living , and just require whatever can be carried in a small bag . `` It 's a chance to mirror life , to step back and look to see what is really important . '' A monastery was founded on Lindisfarne in 635 by King Oswald but was attacked in 793 by the Vikings in their first major raid on the British Isles .	Dozens of people from across the UK have completed an annual pilgrimage to the Holy Island of Lindisfarne .
The 32-year-old led his side at the recent Asia Cup where they performed poorly , losing to Bangladesh . He has been struggling with a knee injury but hopes to return for selection for their first group-stage match on 17 March . Test captain Angelo Mathews will take over Malinga 's role . The announcement came hours after Sri Lanka 's sports minister sacked the country 's cricket selectors and appointed a new panel , headed by former player Aravinda de Silva . The new selectors also made two late changes to the squad , bringing in batsman Lahiru Thirimanne and seamer Suranga Lakmal for keeper-batsman Niroshan Dickwella and leg-spinner Jeffrey Vandersay . Sri Lanka won the last World Twenty20 in Bangladesh in 2014 but since then batsmen Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene have retired and they have dropped to eighth in the world rankings . In another late squad change , West Indies have replaced injured batsman Lendl Simmons with 24-year-old uncapped Trinidadian left-hander Evin Lewis . Click here for the full World Twenty20 squad lists .	Lasith Malinga has stepped down as captain of defending champions Sri Lanka before Tuesday 's start of the World Twenty20 .
The Inter American Press Association ( IAPA ) said there had been a `` significant increase in direct and indirect censorship and physical attacks on journalists '' . The Miami-based group said media workers in almost all the countries of the region had been affected . The watchdog singled out Venezuela . `` [ Venezuelan ] police forces and police-style groups on the orders of the government left ... several journalists injured , '' the IAPA said in a press release . `` Physical attacks on journalists were also recorded during coverage of various election processes in Bolivia , Brazil and Peru , and street protests in the American city of Ferguson and in Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , '' it added . The IAPA also reported that over the past six months : The advocacy group warned that in Argentina , Haiti , Chile and Colombia the government could use existing laws to `` meddle in editorial content and criteria '' . It also said that the lack of transparency and access to public information continued to be an obstacle to the free practice of journalism in several countries , including Mexico , Ecuador , Argentina and Peru . The IAPA report came at the end of its 70th General Assembly , which was held in the Chilean capital , Santiago .	Freedoms of the press and of expression in the Americas have seen a `` marked deterioration '' in the past six months , a leading advocacy group has said .
The vessel was boarded by officers in Bembridge Harbour , St Helens where the cannabis was discovered . A 48-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of supplying and producing the class B drug . The raid happened on Friday morning and the man has been released on bail until 9 September .	A boat that police say was being used for growing cannabis has been seized in the Isle of Wight .
Wax has written a best-selling book called Sane New World and starred in a theatre show of the same name . She is also patron for the British Neuroscience Association and supports mental health charities . Wax is best-known for fronting TV documentaries and interviews as well as script editing the hugely successful Absolutely Fabulous . Her OBE will be an honorary British award for foreign nationals . She started her career as an actress , including time with the Royal Shakespeare Company . Having experienced clinical depression herself , Wax studied for a Masters degree in mindfulness-based cognitive therapy from the University of Oxford in 2013 . Her mental health work has included speaking at Downing Street to raise money for neuroscience research . Mark Williams , professor of clinical psychology at the University of Oxford , said : `` Ruby 's campaigning reveals her rare skill of being able to speak of the deepest and most painful things with openness , wisdom and humour , bringing acute observations and fresh perspectives to a field that badly needs them . ''	Broadcaster and campaigner Ruby Wax will be awarded an OBE for her services to mental health .
More than £72m of government money is to be spent strengthening defences for 4,300 homes as well as improving reservoirs to hold more water . The Environment Agency said the plan also included restoring peat bogs to hold water upstream for longer . The Cumbria Flood Action Plan was unveiled by Floods Minister Rory Stewart . Thousands of properties were battered by Storm Desmond in December , depositing a record month 's worth of rain in just one day . Environment chiefs consulted residents in Eden , Derwent and Kent about the best way to manage land above the villages to reduce the risk of flooding . The Environment Agency 's Flood Risk Manager , Andy Brown , said : `` This action plan represents a step change in the way we manage flood risk in Cumbria . `` It sees local communities at the heart of the process , working with organisations to reduce flood risk along the length of Cumbrian river catchments , from the Fells to the coast . ''	A new plan to protect homes and businesses in Cumbria decimated by last December 's floods has been unveiled .
She scored 80.33 with winner Julia Marino well ahead on 94.66 . It was her second appearance at the invitational event for the world 's top freestyle skiers and snowboarders in Aspen , Colorado . In the ski slopestyle , fellow Briton James Woods missed out on a medal by 0.34 points after he registered a score of 91.66 . Norwegian Oystein Braaten took gold with 94.33 . American McRae Williams was second with Alex Beaulieu-Marchand of Canada third .	British snowboarder Katie Ormerod has claimed a bronze medal in slopestyle at the X Games .
Alan Cronin , 60 , from Guilden Sutton , near Chester , died following a crash near Rossett flyover on the A483 Wrexham bypass last Thursday . Polish national Damian Niepieklo , 22 , has also been charged with failing to stop and failing to report an accident . He was further remanded in custody until 26 June when the case will be heard at Mold Crown Court . Mr Niepieklo spoke only to confirm his name and age , and to confirm he understood the charges . There was no application for bail . In a tribute on Friday , the family of Mr Cronin , a member of Chester Triathlon Club , described him as the `` best possible dad , husband , brother and partner to have , willing to do anything for anyone '' .	A man has appeared in court in Wrexham charged with causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving .
The area from Castle Place to the new Ulster University campus on York Street will be enhanced as part of wider plans to rejuvenate the entire city centre . The streetscape will get new paving , street furniture , lighting and public artwork . The scheme is expected to cost £27m , with £20m coming from the Department for Communities ( DfC ) . Belfast City Council is also contributing £5m to the project . The Belfast Streets Ahead Programme aims to regenerate the entire city centre in a number of phases , said Communities Minister Paul Givan . `` This latest phase will deliver a high-quality , sustainable , public realm scheme in the north of the city centre that will make a significant contribution to the wider regeneration works in the area , '' he added . `` These works will make the area more welcoming , vibrant and attractive to further investment and will build on the successful implementation of Belfast Streets Ahead in the heart of the shopping district which has helped transform the city centre . '' The work is expected to start next spring and is due to be completed by mid-2019 .	A multi-million pound investment has been announced to improve part of central Belfast .
The 21-year-old came through the Championship club 's youth academy and has made two substitute appearances for the Royals this season . Samuel has previously had loan spells at Colchester and Dagenham and scored six goals in 13 games during a stint with Coventry last season . He will remain at Priestfield Stadium until 10 December . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Gillingham have signed Reading striker Dominic Samuel on a one-month loan deal .
The 20-year-old world number eight won 6-4 6-4 in 69 minutes in Washington . Zverev is the youngest player to win four titles in a season since Juan Martin del Potro in 2008 . Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova beat Germany 's Julia Goerges 3-6 7-6 ( 7-2 ) 6-0 in the women 's final to secure her third WTA singles title . Elsewhere , Madison Keys beat fellow American Coco Vandeweghe 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-4 to win the Stanford Bank of the West Classic in California . The US Open , the fourth and final Grand Slam of the year , begins on Monday , 28 August .	Germany 's Alexander Zverev won his fourth ATP title of the season with victory over South African Kevin Anderson in the final of the Citi Open .
The trend was sparked by an alleged attack on two gay men on a street in the Netherlands on Sunday . The images are being shared via the hashtags # handinhand and # allemannenhandinhand ( all men hand in hand ) . Politicians , celebrities , football pundits and workers have joined in , throughout the Netherlands and beyond . Jasper Vernes-Sewratan , 35 , and Ronnie Sewratan-Vernes , 31 , say they were attacked by a group of men in the early hours of Sunday morning in Arnhem , in the country 's east . Their story was widely publicised and they appeared on Dutch talk show Pauw earlier this week , where they described being set upon after holding hands . The lawyer of one of the alleged attackers also appeared on the show , later in the week , claiming the pair threw the first punch . The couple have emphatically denied this . Gay couples in Amsterdam and Eindhoven also reported being assaulted because of their sexuality over the weekend , according to Dutch media . In some parts of the world , including India and some African countries , men commonly hold hands , taking it as a sign of friendship and respect . The Netherlands was the first country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage in 2011 .	Dutch men are uploading pictures of themselves holding hands on to social media to stand against homophobia .
Henry Ayabowei , known as Henry Esin , was found outside Peep in Bangor by police just before 02:00 BST on Saturday . He was taken to hospital , but died on Sunday morning . Llanfairpwll football club said Mr Ayabowei was a `` true gentleman in every sense '' . The 27-year-old father of two from the Llangefni area played football for a number of clubs in the Anglesey region . The club said : `` It is with great regret that we have just heard the tragic news that Henry 'Romeo ' Esin has passed away as a result of the injuries received . `` We offer Henry 's family and friends our sincerest condolences at this most heartbreaking time . `` Gone but never forgotten , a true gentleman in every sense . '' In a tweet the nightclub said : `` We wish to offer our sincere condolences to the family of the deceased who was a customer of ours . Our thoughts are with them at this tragic time . '' Floral tributes to Mr Ayabowei have been left outside the nightclub and a fundraising appeal for his family has been started . A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder .	Tributes have been paid to a man who died after being assaulted outside a nightclub in Gwynedd .
Wales ' chief medical officer Dr Ruth Hussey has joined her UK colleagues in updating 20-year-old guidelines . One recommendation is not to `` save up '' 14 units of alcohol to drink on one or two days . Also the often reported view that one or two glasses of red wine can protect against heart disease was `` less significant '' than previously thought . The proposed changes in the guidelines are out to a UK-wide consultation until April . The guidelines suggest : The Change4Life Wales alcohol campaign is already encouraging people to have at least two alcohol-free days a week . Dr Hussey said they `` draw on the latest evidence on how different levels of drinking affect health risks for individuals '' . She said they were there for people `` to make informed decisions about their drinking '' . Earlier this week , the Welsh government launched a three year strategy to tackle substance and alcohol abuse , including `` risky drinking behaviour '' among the under 24s and older people . Hospital admissions in Wales for the over 50s with alcohol issues have increased for a third year running . The Department of Health is leading the consultation but Mark Bellis , director of policy at Public Health Wales , is involved in developing the guidelines .	Drinkers are being advised by health officials to stagger their alcohol intake through the week .
The snow from last winter lay on Meall a'Bhuiridh , the location of Glencoe Mountain snowsports centre 's Flypaper ski run . The resort 's Andy Meldrum said it had been the latest snow had lasted on the mountain since skiing was established in the area in 1956 . Older visitors to the centre believed it to be the latest in living memory . The snow patch failed to survive into a period of colder temperatures that brought snowfalls to the Cairngorms at the weekend .	Snow that had survived on a Glen Coe Munro for the longest time in living memory has melted away .
Barrie Donnelly , 37 , from Uddingston , South Lanarkshire , and Mark Sweeten , 41 , from Glasgow , deny making abusive and threatening remarks on 8 November . It is alleged they targeted the McGills Buses owners as they entered Ibrox Stadium at Edmiston Drive . Both men entered not guilty pleas during an appearance at Glasgow Sheriff Court and a trial was set for May 2015 . The charge alleges that both men behaved in way that was likely or would be likely to `` incite public disorder '' by shouting , swearing and making abusive and offensive remarks .	Two men have appeared in court charged with threatening Rangers investors Sandy and James Easdale .
The 25-year-olds signed for the Pirates in 2013 , and both featured in the club 's recent thrilling 54-46 win over Bedford Blues . Andrew has made 63 appearances for the Pirates , having previously played for Plymouth Albion and Exeter Chiefs . Pope previously captained the England University sevens squad in the BUCS Home Nations .	Cornish Pirates have renewed the contracts of prop Jack Andrew and versatile back Mike Pope .
13 June 2015 Last updated at 12:58 BST The Valais sheep is an unusual mountain breed from Switzerland . The farmer , Mr Cox , thinks these sheep are easier to work with and can produce more wool than traditional breeds . He plans to show his unusual flock off at the Royal Welsh Show in the rare breeds section .	A breed of sheep described as `` the cutest in the world '' has been introduced to Wales for the first time .
Robert and Christianne Shepherd , aged six and seven , of Horbury , West Yorkshire , died from carbon monoxide poisoning in October 2006 . Coroner David Hinchliff said the children died on `` what should have been a happy half-term break '' . Their father Neil and his partner , now wife , Ruth were found in a coma at the holiday bungalow . In May , the family were awarded legal aid for the inquest after their initial application was rejected . Mr and Mrs Shepherd were both at Wakefield Coroners ' Court earlier to see the jury sworn in . The children 's mother , Sharon Wood , was also in court . The jury of seven men and four women were told the children had complained of feeling unwell in the bungalow the day before they were found dead by a maid . Mr Hinchliff said : `` The family of these children have waited a long , long time for this day to come . ''	A coroner has told an inquest the deaths of two children on holiday in Corfu was `` a most appalling tragedy '' .
He posted the news on Twitter , thanking fans for their support , but offered no reason why they were splitting . The band formed in 2009 and was made up of former Oasis members Gem Archer , Andy Bell and drummer Chris Sharrock . They released two albums : 2011 's Different Gear , Still Speeding and 2013 's BE but neither replicated Oasis ' immense success . Both albums did reach the Top 5 in the UK 's Official Album Chart but the band only had one UK Top 40 single , The Roller . In February 2014 , the band cancelled an appearance at the Coachella festival . Later that month , it was announced that they 'd parted ways with their manager Scott Rodger . In a statement to NME at the time , Rodger said that Beady Eye were one of the `` last great British rock bands '' . There has been nothing from the band since that period and today Gallagher 's tweet seems to confirm that Beady Eye 's relatively short-lived time is over .	Liam Gallagher has announced that his band Beady Eye is no more .
Yates , 23 , was suspended after an administrative error led to him using an asthma inhaler without permission . `` I am going to enjoy this moment , '' the Orica-BikeExchange rider said . `` It 's my first victory as a full professional . '' Yates ' twin brother , Adam , was crowned the best young rider at the Tour de France , which finished on Sunday . Simon Yates was sanctioned by governing body the UCI in June for a `` non-intentional '' anti-doping rule violation , resulting in the suspension . He returned to action on 11 July and subsequently finished 20th at the Tour of Poland .	Simon Yates claimed his first victory since returning from a four-month drugs ban at the one-day Prueba Villafranca-Ordiziako Klasika in Spain .
Tegwen Roderick from Abercanaid , Merthyr Tydfil , suffered an `` open wound '' leg fracture at Ysbyty Cwm Cynon , Mountain Ash , and died six days later in May 2014 . The Aberdare hearing heard `` no-one had admitted to causing the injury '' , while police will take no further action . An inquest will take place in July . Friday 's pre-inquest hearing heard Mrs Roderick had been `` bed-ridden and unable to move '' . It is believed she sustained the leg injury overnight between 29 and 30 May 2014 but it was not reported until 10:00 BST the next day . Coroner Sarah Richards said two pathologists reports had not provided `` a definitive cause of death '' . Her two nieces and nephew both attended the hearing and said they had concerns about her care , guidelines to lifting and handling , nutrition and hydration and `` knowledge of dementia '' . The coroner said she would look into concerns raised by her family at the inquest .	The family of an 88-year-old woman who died in hospital have raised concerns about her care at a pre-inquest hearing .
The man , thought to be in his 20s , was found in Gilpin Place , Southampton , on Saturday shortly before 01:40 GMT and later died in hospital . A cordon is in place in Gilpin Close and Hampshire Constabulary is making house-to-house inquiries in the area . The death is being treated as suspicious but no arrests have been made , the force said .	An investigation has started after a man found with serious chest wounds died .
The plan would extend the current system , which allows parents to share leave and statutory parental pay . It was announced by Chancellor George Osborne as the Conservative conference began in Manchester . Labour 's Harriet Harman had proposed a similar policy in a manifesto for women . Mr Osborne 's plan involves extending the current system of shared parental leave - which allows a total of 52 weeks off - to cover grandparents as well as a child 's mother and father . Families will also be allowed to split statutory shared parental pay - which is Â£139.58 a week or 90 % of average weekly earnings , whichever is lower . The Conservatives say the policy will particularly benefit single mothers who , without a partner to share leave with , will now be able to do so with one of their child 's grandparents . Mr Osborne also hopes the option will allow parents to return to work more quickly if they want to . He said more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first return to work after having a baby . He said : `` Research shows two million grandparents have either given up a job , reduced their hours or taken time off work to look after their grandchildren . `` Allowing them instead to share leave with their children will keep thousands more in the workplace , which is good for our economy . ''	Working grandparents will be allowed to take time off and share parental leave pay to help care for their grandchildren , the government has said .
The youngster made headlines this month when making his debut for the Scottish champions ' development team . `` We did n't want to kick him because he is still so small , '' said in-form striker Dembele , no relation . `` He is a good talent but we have to wait and see how he will improve as a player . '' The older Dembele has netted 12 goals since his summer move to Celtic from Fulham and has been keeping last season 's top scorer Leigh Griffiths out of the starting line-up . Media playback is not supported on this device `` There is no number one or two , '' said the 20-year-old , who was picking up the Premiership player of the month for September award . `` I am a striker . Each time the manager gives me a chance , I give my all for Celtic . `` This was the next step for me after Fulham . I had to show I could do it at a high level with a massive club . `` From my first day , the lads have made me welcome . In an environment like this you settle quick and that has helped me score goals . ''	Celtic 's Karamoko Dembele has been given a taste of first team training but the 13-year-old was treated with kid gloves , revealed namesake Moussa .
Tyler Warmington 's body was found at Bromsgrove Cottages in Faringdon , Oxfordshire , on 14 March . A post-mortem examination found he had been stabbed in the chest . A 40-year-old woman questioned in connection with the death has now been detained under the Act , Thames Valley Police said . She has not been charged but the investigation is ongoing .	A woman arrested on suspicion of the murder of a five-year-old boy has been detained under the Mental Health Act .
Ireland 's National Asset Management Agency ( Nama ) sold its Northern Ireland portfolio to investment fund Cerberus for Â£1.2 billion in 2014 . The men were arrested on Tuesday . The NCA is the lead agency in the investigation into allegations of fraud connected to the sale . Timeline of Nama 's NI property deal Nama NI deal jargon buster It began its investigation after Mick Wallace , an independent politician in the Republic of Ireland , told the Irish parliament that a Northern Ireland politician was in line to benefit from the Nama deal .	Two men arrested by the National Crime Agency ( NCA ) as part of a fraud investigation linked to Northern Ireland 's biggest property deal have been released on bail .
Images of the little terns at Gronant Dunes , near Prestatyn , are being gathered for an exhibition to showcase the birds . There are 136 breeding pairs on the beach , the last remaining colony in Wales . They return each April from Africa to nest in the dunes on the Dee estuary . Volunteers cover shifts between 04:00-22:00 BST to protect them from predators . Denbighshire Countryside Service is working with professional photographer David Woodfall from Denbigh to record their lives for a future exhibition .	A rare glimpse of the nesting habits of a colony of one of the UK 's rarest seabirds is being captured on camera on a Denbighshire beach .
Ian Jones told an assembly committee that 57 % of its programmes had been shown before , compared to a target of 20 % when S4C was launched in 1982 . He said he did not know how the situation would be managed if there were further budget cuts . In September , it was announced funding for S4C from the BBC licence fee will remain at £74.5m a year until 2022 . That makes up the bulk of the channel 's budget . S4C also receives £7m from the UK government , as well as some commercial income . Giving evidence to the culture and Welsh language committee , Mr Jones said : `` In 1982 when S4C launched we had a target of 20 % repeats on screen . `` We 're now at 57 % , which in my view is far too high . `` I do n't know how we 'll manage that going forward if there are other cuts from the DCMS [ the UK government 's Department for Culture , Media and Sport ] let 's say , or in terms of the real term cuts . `` But that 's a factor we 'll have to look at again . ''	S4C broadcasts far too many repeats , the Welsh language television channel 's chief executive has admitted .
A 19-year-old man also arrested on Monday has been released on bail , pending further enquiries . Caitlin White , 15 , died in Craigavon Hospital after being found unconscious in woodland near Portadown 's Corcrain estate on Saturday evening . The exact cause of her death is not yet known . Police have said a possible link to drugs is one line of inquiry into the Craigavon Senior High School pupil 's death .	A 17-year-old boy remains in police custody following the death of a Portadown schoolgirl .
Ben , from Sheffield , was 21 months old when he went missing after travelling to the Greek island of Kos in 1991 His mother Kerry has always maintained her son is alive and was probably abducted . Dr Alan Billings , the South Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner , said the search would be reviewed in October . He said that by October if `` all that could be done has been done '' then it would be the end of the investigation . Amongst other things the new money will help send officers from the South Yorkshire force to Kos . Ben vanished on 24 July 1991 , after travelling to Kos with his mother and grandparents who were renovating a farmhouse in the village of Iraklise . A DNA test was carried out on a man in Cyprus in an attempt to establish if he could be the toddler , but proved negative in 2013 . In 2012 , a police operation focused on a mound of earth and rubble close to where Ben was last seen , but no trace of him was found .	A police force has secured £450,000 from the Home Office to investigate the disappearance of toddler Ben Needham for another six months .
Doctors running the practice in Llanwrtyd Wells have written to Health Minister Mark Drakeford asking him to reconsider the scrapping of the Minimum Practice Income Guarantee ( MPIG ) . They say 1,200 patients will have to travel 13 miles to their main surgery in Builth Wells from August . The Welsh government said there had to be `` new ways of meeting local needs '' . `` Llanwrtyd Wells is a large rural town with a high proportion of elderly patients with complex medical problems , '' the GPs ' letter said . `` Without a branch surgery patients could face numerous lengthy trips for even routine appointments , '' it continued . `` Travel would simply not be possible for some patients , especially in winter . '' A Welsh government spokesperson said changes to the MPIG had been agreed with the British Medical Association 's General Practitioner Committee for Wales . `` The solutions will lie in practices working together and with the health board on new ways of meeting local needs , '' the spokesperson added . Alan Lawrie , director of primary care for Powys Teaching Health Board , said : `` I am keen that we work with the practice to ensure that the health needs of the community are properly met and hope to be able to come to a suitable arrangement with them to ensure that this is the case . ''	Residents of a Powys town are alarmed that its only GP surgery is set to close due to a cut in NHS funding .
But there were large regional differences , with 5 % in London smoking up to nearly 21 % in parts of the North East . Rates have fallen 16 % since first measured in 2006-7 , the Health and Social Care Information Centre said . Smoking while pregnant can damage babies ' hearts . It can also increase the risk of miscarriage and premature birth . The government has set a target to reduce the rate to 11 % or less women smoking at the time of delivery by 2015 . The report shows 39 % of local health areas have met this target so far . Kingsley Manning , chair at the HSCIC said it was `` encouraging '' to see the decline in numbers of pregnant women who smoked . But he added : `` There is still a little way to go to achieve the national ambition . `` Today 's figures highlight there is a still work to be done and it is fundamental that mothers-to-be are aware of the damaging effects smoking can have on their baby . '' NHS Blackpool had the highest rate , with 28 % of pregnant women smoking . Other areas with high smoking in pregnancy rates were South Devon , the Isle of Wight , Wiltshire and Lincolnshire . Meanwhile , central London had the lowest rate of 2 % .	The number of women smoking during pregnancy across England is down to 12 % , the lowest recorded level , figures for 2013-2014 show .
The Welsh Government is consulting on two options to tackle congestion on the A494 and A55 around Queensferry and Deeside in Flintshire . The blue route would change existing roads which residents have said would create noise and affect local routes . The red option is to build a new link to the A55 at Northop which one farmer has said would spoil the countryside . Northop farmer Robert Hodgkinson said : `` The countryside ca n't speak for itself and there are very few to speak for it . `` We are told to protect the countryside so it is wrong that this countryside is lost . '' A group of residents opposed to the blue route plans claimed the red route would affect fewer people . A494 News Forum community group chairwoman Sue Clamp said it was unfair the blue route was being considered as similar options were rejected at a public inquiry in 2008 following a campaign by residents . `` People are asking why this has come up again , '' she said . A public meeting is being held at St David 's Hotel in Ewloe on Monday from 19:00 BST by the A494 News Forum group which is open to anyone . The government consultation is open until June .	Residents living in the path of potential £200m road projects have spoken out about their concerns .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 14 December 2014 Last updated at 14:13 GMT Relatives of Michael Brown , who was shot dead in Ferguson , Missouri joined the march . Michael Brown was killed after an encounter with a police officer . Grand juries decided not to punish the police officer involved , which sparked anger and unrest . Another demonstration in New York also saw thousands take to the streets . The demonstrators want changes to the law to protect the public . Michael Brown 's mum , Lesley McSpadden , told the crowd : `` If they do n't see this and make a change , then I do n't know what we got to do . ''	Thousands of people have marched through Washington DC in the USA to protest against the recent killings of unarmed black people by police .
Ian Lloyd , 23 , and Stephen Murray , 19 , of Neyland , Jack Murdoch , 19 , of Waterson , Scott Beavis , 22 , and Ieuan Power , 19 , of Milford Haven and Edward Adams , 20 , and James Adams , 23 , of Steynton , were sentenced at Swansea Crown Court on Monday . The crash happened on the A40 . All of the men had admitted or been convicted of dangerous driving . The head-on crash between a Citroen Saxo driven by Beavis and a Seat Ibiza driven by Andrea Gainfort happened on Arnold 's Hill , near Haverfordwest , on 11 August , 2013 . Other drivers described numerous cars `` swarming '' up the hill and using the oncoming lane to overtake . Judge Paul Thomas QC said : `` Anyone who has experienced traffic on a sunny Sunday afternoon in Pembrokeshire will consider that your driving was truly astonishingly bad . `` It was Scott Beavis who directly cause the accident . It could easily have been any one of you driving like lunatics on that day . ''	Seven Pembrokeshire men have been given jail terms for `` driving like lunatics '' before a head-on car crash .
An otter 's battle to land a fish as big as itself has been captured in a series of images taken by a Highlands-based wildlife photographer . Charlie Phillips , a Whale and Dolphin Conservation field officer , watched the otter as it landed the ling on a support of the Kessock Bridge at Inverness on Saturday . Mr Phillips had been on the Inverness Marina-based boat , Mischief , trying to spot bottlenose dolphins when he and the craft 's crew came across the otter and its `` snack '' . The conservation officer said : `` We did see one harbour porpoise , but the real cracker of a sighting was seeing the otter landing on the Kessock Bridge bumpers with a huge fish . ''	All images copyrighted .
The deserted Wiltshire village of Imber was cleared during World War Two and later taken over by the military . Vintage Routemaster buses have been used to take passengers to the village , for one day each year , since 2009 . The area is normally closed to civilians as it sits in the middle of a Ministry of Defence training zone . Villagers were given a few weeks ' notice to pack their bags and leave before the community was abandoned in December 1943 . It was needed by the army to provide an exercise area for US troops preparing to invade Europe . In the 1970s , several empty houses were built for use by UK soldiers taking part in training exercises . St Giles Church , the only original building left intact , was also opened to visitors for the weekend .	Passengers have been taken by bus to a Salisbury Plain `` ghost village '' which was abandoned in 1943 .
She was pronounced dead at University Hospital Coventry & Warwickshire after a blaze at about 21:15 GMT on Thursday in Sydnall Road , Longford . Firefighters were called to a fire in a first-floor bedroom of the end-of-terrace house . Crews from Foleshill and Coventry fire stations attended . The cause was under investigation , a spokesman for West Midlands Fire Service said . The fire was brought under control by 23:25 GMT .	A woman died following a house fire in Coventry .
Ex-Northern Ireland schoolboy captain Toal , 19 , has been training with the squad for several weeks and joins from Championship side Armagh City . Scot Cole , 25 , has signed until the end of the season as defensive cover . Twenty-year-old McIntyre has been a regular in Kevin Deery 's promotion chasing Institute team in recent years . McIntyre will provide more options on the flanks for the Candystripes following his move across the city . Cole has most recently played junior football in Scotland with Broxburn Athletic , having started his career career with Rangers , before moving to Livingston and Greenock Morton . Derry , who lie third in the league table , will resume their Premier Division campaign away to Bray Wanderers on Friday night .	Derry City manager Kenny Shiels has moved to strengthen his squad by signing defenders Eoin Toal and Darren Cole , plus winger Jamie McIntyre .
The Times reported Mr Coupe had been sentenced in his absence to two years in jail in what Sainsbury 's described as `` an historic commercial dispute '' . The charges relate to a joint venture that Sainsbury 's set up with a local businessman in 2001 . Sainsbury 's said that Mr Coupe was not employed by the company at that time and he had never met the complainant . Sainsbury 's said the complainant , Mr El Nasharty , bought out its interest in an Egyptian joint venture it had with him in 2001 with cheques that were dishonoured . It said Mr El Nasharty was now claiming that Mr Coupe was in Egypt on 15 July 2014 and seized those cheques . But Sainsbury 's said this was an impossibility : `` Mike Coupe was in London carrying out his normal duties that day . In September 2014 Mike Coupe was convicted , without notice of the proceedings against him and in his absence , in an Egyptian Court . `` We have taken all necessary steps to appeal against these groundless claims and will continue to do so . '' It added that its legal team were handling the matter and it did not think the issue would have any material , operational or financial impact on the company .	Sainsbury 's has rejected any allegations against its chief executive Mike Coupe in a legal row in Egypt .
Assaults on people living there are increasing , volunteer legal teams have claimed , and they described the situation as `` endemic '' . One Syrian , called Ahmed , told the BBC he and his friends had been severely beaten one night and taken to hospital . About 5,000 migrants trying to reach the UK are thought to live at the camp . Ahmed suffered a broken jaw and a black eye . One of his friends suffered a severe concussion , and was under medical supervision for four days because of a bleed on the brain . The men say the attack on them lasted about 20 to 30 minutes . Marianne Humbersot , the head of a legal centre opened by volunteers in the camp about a month ago , says she has been told of 20 attacks in the last two weeks . Many migrants do not want to make a complaint to the police , she says . The investigations have not yet identified any individuals , but Jean-Pierre Valensi , one of the main prosecutors in the region , says they know they drive a black BMW and use metal weapons . Bulldozers started to clear part of the makeshift camp last month . The move was part of a new housing project which is aimed at improving conditions in the camp .	French prosecutors are investigating at least six attacks on migrants at the makeshift Calais camp called the Jungle , the BBC understands .
McGregor will talk about the Last Days in the Desert during the festival , where his Trainspotting co-star Robert Carlyle makes a debut as a director . Carlyle 's film , The Legend of Barney Thomson , sees a barber with a dull life from Glasgow turn into a serial killer . The festival runs from 17 to 28 June . Other highlights include : Alongside McGregor , Live and Let Die actor Jane Seymour and Clockwork Orange star Malcolm McDowell will be giving talks for their starring roles in Bereave , a film about a fatally ill man and his missing wife . Festival director Mark Adams said there was `` something for everyone '' . And Scottish culture secretary Fiona Hyslop said the festival showcased Scottish talent alongside `` some of the best '' of world cinema . She said the festival had an `` important role '' to play in developing skills to support Scottish film in future . Earlier in the month it was announced that a drama featuring the island of Iona will close this year 's festival and receive its world premiere .	Scottish actor Ewan McGregor 's portrayal of Jesus during his 40-day fast in the desert will be screened at this year 's Edinburgh International Film Festival .
The 53-year-old from Ashford , Kent , collided with a Seat Ibiza on the B2096 near Netherfield at about midday on Sunday . He was travelling towards Battle with three other motorcyclists at the time of the crash . Sussex Police said the man riding a Kawaski ZX-6R sustained fatal injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene . The driver of the Seat , a 30-year-old woman from Sedlescombe , was uninjured in the incident .	A motorcyclist has been killed in a head-on crash during a group motorbike ride in East Sussex .
The hippos lived on Escobar 's estate in the northern province of Antioquia but some escaped . The population living wild is estimated to have grown to around 60 animals . There have been years of debate about what to do with them . The hippos have thrived in the tropical Colombian climate , its waterways and rich vegetation . There have been sightings of them far from the Escobar estate , which has fallen into disrepair . But the animals eat tons of vegetation and farmers ' crops . There have been years of debate about what to do with them and discussions about whether they should be culled . But many Colombians like them and there there have even been cases of calves being taken home as pets . Five years ago , the authorities shot and killed one of the hippos on the Escobar estate and the incident caused outrage . The hunt for other animals was called off . But the government says the hippos pose a public safety risk and is funding the sterilisations from money seized from drug traffickers .	Vets in Colombia have started sterilising hippos descended from animals shipped to a private zoo set up by the infamous drug baron Pablo Escobar .
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh are to come to Northern Ireland between 23 June and 25 June . It will be the Queen 's first visit since 2012 , when she came as part of her Diamond Jubilee celebrations . During that visit , Her Majesty and the Sinn FÃ©in MLA , a former IRA leader , shook hands for the first time . In April , Mr McGuinness toasted the Queen during a banquet at Windsor Castle as part of the state visit of Irish president Michael D Higgins . The deputy first minister said he would be meeting the Queen `` as a representative of all our people '' . `` The visit by Queen Elizabeth is an opportunity to demonstrate mutual respect and to further build on the process of reconciliation , '' he said . `` Despite the current difficulties , I am determined to provide positive , forward-thinking political leadership . ''	NI 's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has confirmed he will meet the Queen again when she visits Belfast .
Andrew Sutherland , 27 , assaulted 29-year-old Christopher McAuley , in the town 's Word Up club in December 2015 . The High Court in Glasgow heard the men were known to each other and had some `` minor confrontations '' beforehand . Sutherland was originally charged with attempted murder but had a guilty plea accepted to a reduced charge of assault to severe injury and danger of life . Judge Lady Stacey told Sutherland that there was `` no excuse '' to go out armed with a knife and use it . The judge said the jail-term would have been six years , but for his guilty plea . Prosecutor Jo McDonald previously told the court that the attack happened at the club on 20 December last year . She said that Sutherland and his victim had been involved in a a series of `` minor confrontations '' on the dance floor . Sutherland had lashed out with the blade at Mr McAuley when a bouncer tried to separate the pair .	A man has been jailed for five years for carrying out a slashing attack in a nightclub in Greenock , Inverclyde .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 17 November 2014 Last updated at 08:08 GMT One type of homophobic bullying is when people use words like `` gay '' or `` lesbian '' as an insult . Homophobic bullying became an issue for Jessica and Libby on CBBC show Our School . Somebody called Jessica a lesbian ( a girl who dates girls ) to try and upset her . Jessica and Libby told a teacher what had happened and the school held a workshop to tackle homophobic bullying .	The government says it will spend Â£2million on tackling homophobic bulling in schools .
Michael McNally , of Hillman Street in Belfast , was charged with stealing the cloths worth Â£78 from a souvenir shop in the city . The court heard that McNally , 28 , went into the Visit Belfast shop at 10:45 BST on Friday , lifted the items and left without offering payment . McNally pleaded to the offence at Belfast Magistrates ' Court on Saturday . A defence solicitor told the court that shortly after McNally left the shop he was stopped by officers who spoke with him without any suspicions , but he told them : `` I have stolen something - here you are . '' The court was told that McNally had numerous convictions for theft and was in breach of a suspended sentence that had been imposed on 17 August for a similar matter . The defence solicitor said McNally had stolen the tea towels `` in an act of desperation '' as he was hungry from sleeping rough the previous night . The judge said he had granted McNally bail the day before the tea towel theft , and a condition of that bail was to stay away from the Visit Belfast shop . He jailed McNally for two months and activated the suspended sentence to be served concurrently .	A man who stole 12 tea towels about 24 hours after he was granted bail has been jailed for two months .
The Centre for Economics and Business Research ( CEBR ) predicts house prices will rise 5.6 % this year , higher than its previous forecast of 4.7 % . A lack of properties being put on the market was pushing up prices , it said . This comes despite a 14 % rise in mortgage approvals for house purchases , according to the major banks . The British Bankers ' Association ( BBA ) said that the rise in September compared with a year earlier was partly due to first-time buyers being able to find a `` good deal '' . However , the 44,489 mortgage approvals for house purchases in September was down 4.5 % on the previous month . The CEBR said price gaps between different property types were widening , making it harder for people to climb up the property ladder . In London , someone who wanted to move from a flat to a terraced home would need to find an extra Â£176,000 , it said . It called on the government to extend its current housebuilding programme , claiming that prices would continue to rise - by 3.5 % in 2016 , and by around 4 % in the four years that followed . Housing charity Shelter has warned that further house price rises will `` push the goal posts even further away for those hoping to become homeowners '' .	Mortgage activity has picked up this year but the lack of homes for sale is likely to push up house prices , reports have suggested .
Jones , 60 , had seen his side pick up only 13 points from a possible 51 . Saturday 's 2-0 home defeat by Barnet left them two points adrift in the bottom two , with two games remaining . The decision came less than 48 hours after club president Jeff Stelling issued a message for Jones to leave during a live television broadcast . Assistant managers Alex Armstrong and Kevin Cooper have also left , with defender Matthew Bates taking temporary charge of first-team affairs . Striker Billy Paynter plus coaches Stuart Parnaby and Ian Gallagher will work as his assistants . Jones returned to football to take on the Pools job after a three-year hiatus .	Manager Dave Jones has left Hartlepool United by mutual consent after the club dropped into the League Two relegation zone at the weekend .
The Grade II-listed building in the heart of the town was built in 1855 but has been unused for a decade . After securing £2.4m of Heritage Lottery Fund cash , the council plans to create a library and business hub . Following an ownership row , the council took it over in July 2016 and has announced work will start in January . Originally , the building housed assembly rooms and a court . However , it passed into private ownership about a decade ago and concerns were raised about its deteriorating condition as it fell into disrepair . After the council failed to find a solution with the owner , the Welsh Government successfully applied for a compulsory purchase order . Conservation work on the main structure and exterior of the building will now begin in the coming weeks . Anglesey council 's planning portfolio holder Richard Dew called it an `` ambitious project '' which will preserve `` a significant piece of Holyhead 's rich history '' .	A multi-million pound project to transform Holyhead 's derelict market hall into a community hub is set to get under way , Anglesey council has said .
16 December 2016 Last updated at 18:46 GMT America chose a new president , Rio hosted the Olympics and Paralympics , the UK voted to leave the European Union - and that 's just for starters ! So why not take a little look back over some of the biggest news stories of the past 12 months ? Check out the video to see some of the moments to remember from this year - and how Newsround covered them .	2016 has been an eventful year to say the least .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 6 October 2014 Last updated at 08:32 BST He faced actress Jennifer Gibney in the dance-off on Sunday . All four judges agreed that Jennifer should be saved over Gregg . Watch the moment Gregg left the show . He may be MasterChef but not master of the dance floor !	Someone has to be go first - MasterChef star Gregg Wallace has become the first celebrity to leave Strictly Come Dancing .
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson , whose side face Boro on Saturday , has praised the Teessiders ' form and style of play . Hull currently top the division on 31 points , with Boro in fourth with 30 . `` Everybody wants to beat us and that 's because we 're doing well , we ca n't relax , '' Karanka told BBC Tees . `` I was a player and you want to be the best team , or one of the better teams , and they [ other teams in the Championship ] consider our players as some of the best in the league . `` It 's a good thing for us and we have to be proud - we ca n't relax though . '' In addition to their league form , Middlesbrough are through to the League Cup quarter-finals , having eliminated Manchester United on penalties in the last round .	Middlesbrough must be proud of their reputation as `` one of the teams to beat '' in the Championship , says head coach Aitor Karanka .
The 45-year-old Argentine has been in charge at Spurs since joining from Southampton in May 2014 on a five-year deal . In May of last year he signed a contract extension which commits him to the club until 2021 . `` There are many rumours , but I am committed with the club , '' he said . `` There is no reason to leave . I will be here for pre-season . There is no buy-out clause in my contract , I will stay here next season . '' Earlier in the season , speculation grew that Pochettino was being considered for the soon-to-be vacant manager 's job at Barcelona after he met with the club 's president . However , ex-Espanyol coach Pochettino later said the position would be `` impossible '' for him to take . `` I 'm an Espanyol supporter - I think then I do n't need to speak too much , '' he said , highlighting the rivalry with city neighbours Barca . Spurs , who on Sunday played their final game at White Hart Lane , are guaranteed to finish second in the Premier League this season , their highest finish since 1963 . Media playback is not supported on this device	Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says he is committed to staying at the club and has denied reports of a buy-out clause in his contract .
The body was spotted by a member of the public who raised the alarm just before 18:30 . Police have been searching for 73-year-old Thomas Davidson who was last seen on Tuesday night . His family have been made aware of the discovery . A Police Scotland spokesman said formal identification was yet to take place however the death was not being treated as suspicious . Insp Stuart Aitchison said : `` Sadly a body has been recovered from the River North Esk this evening ( Friday ) . `` A formal identification is yet to take place , however , we have been in contact with the family of Thomas Davidson and made them aware of this development . `` Our inquiries are at an early stage however we will continue to offer the family support as and when they need it . ''	A man 's body has been recovered from the River North Esk near Dalkeith .
Former pupils at Badgeworth Court and Dowdeswell Court , in Gloucestershire , and Clouds House , in Wiltshire , have said they suffered `` horrific '' abuse in the 1970s and 1980s . Gloucestershire Police said it hoped to discuss the case with the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) next year . Staff who worked at the schools have denied any involvement in abuse . Det Ch Insp Steve Porter , from Gloucestershire Police , said : `` We 've managed to trace and to interview over 80 potential victims so far . '' He said officers were trying to establish what happened at the schools and whether there was enough evidence to bring a prosecution . The former owner of the schools , Anthony Hurley , appeared in court in 2000 on allegations of cruelty and sexual abuse of children , but was deemed unfit to stand trial . He died in 2003 .	More than 80 potential victims have been interviewed amid allegations of abuse at three boys ' boarding schools .
Media playback is not supported on this device Figueroa 's 176kg lift in the clean and jerk meant Indonesia 's Eko Yuli Irawan ( 312kg ) was forced to settle for silver , as both men improved on the medals they won at London 2012 . Kazakhstan 's Farkhad Kharki won the bronze medal with a total of 305kg . Chinese favourite Chen Lijun missed out , failing to register in the snatch . Find out how to get into weightlifting with our special guide . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Oscar Figueroa lifted a combined total of 318kg to win the men 's Olympic -62kg weightlifting title , and deliver Colombia 's first gold of Rio 2016 .
In 2011 , the company benefited from £189m of European funding to build the Leaf and the lithium-ion batteries . Since 2013 , production of the Leaf has supported more than 2,000 jobs at Nissan and in its UK supply chain . A Nissan spokesman said the new investment shows their `` long-term commitment '' to zero-emission motoring . The money will be used on projects to develop and improve the batteries . The Nissan Leaf was the first electric car to be mass-produced in the UK - about 60,000 batteries are produced at the plant each year .	Nissan has announced plans to invest £26.5m in its production of electric vehicle batteries , safeguarding 300 jobs at its plant in Sunderland .
Bellew , 33 , beat Mateusz Masternak at the O2 Arena in December to claim the vacant European cruiserweight title . Congo 's Makubu is ranked number one in his division , with all but one of his 19 wins coming inside the distance . The Liverpool boxer said : `` The WBC belt has always been the one that I 've wanted to win more than any other . '' He added : `` I was born to lift that belt on 29 May . '' Bellew , an Everton fan who has suffered two light-heavyweight world title defeats , added : `` I know I 'm going to win , I ca n't and wo n't be defeated at Goodison Park - the greatest stadium in the world . `` I 'm expecting the city to turn out in their droves as it 's going to be a very special event for us all . ''	Britain 's Tony Bellew will fight Ilunga Makubu at Goodison Park - home to Everton FC - on 29 May for the vacant WBC cruiserweight title .
Stephen Talbot , 58 , from Wamphray , was last seen at about 16:00 on Monday . He had been on a camping trip at Garrogill , near Moffat , and is thought to be wearing a maroon jumper , dark jogging trousers and walking boots . Moffat and Galloway Mountain Rescue teams have been helping with the search . Insp Gordon McKnight said that as time passed concerns for the welfare and safety of Mr Talbot were growing . `` We have carried out intensive searches of the area this week , in what I would describe as fairly challenging terrain due to the current state of the summer growth of vegetation in the area , '' he said . `` The search continues and will do so over the weekend with the invaluable assistance and support of the mountain rescue personnel . `` At this stage there are no indications , or indeed sightings which lead us to think that Mr Talbot is not still in the area where we are concentrating our searches . '' However , he said that if anyone had spotted the missing man further afield they should contact police immediately .	A police helicopter has joined the search operation to try to find a man who went missing after a camping trip near Moffat .
Police said the men forced their way into the house in Ashley Road , Poole , at about 21:15 GMT on Friday . Officers said the family 's children were also threatened in what they said was a `` very frightening ordeal '' . No-one was hurt . The robbers are thought to be white , in their early-20s and were said to speak with a `` local accent '' . Dorset Police urged anyone who is offered `` Asian jewellery '' in `` unusual circumstances '' to contact the police .	Three men wearing masks threatened a family with tools before stealing jewellery and cash .
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and of Africans elsewhere in the world this week .	Images courtesy of AFP , EPA , Getty Images and Reuters
The Unite and GMB unions suspended the plans to ballot offshore workers on plans for a strike . The Offshore Contractors Association ( OCA ) had been in negotiations with the unions over proposed changes to working conditions . A revised offer will now be put to the unions ' members in a consultative ballot . The result is not expected for several weeks . Bill Murray , chief executive of the OCA , said : `` We welcome that union officials have decided not to go to an industrial ballot over changes to shift and holiday patterns and are instead consulting with members . ''	A threat of industrial action in the UK oil and gas industry has been suspended after a new offer from employers .
We have picked out four questions . Tell us which one you would most like Nick to answer . Choose your favourite here : The question rating tool does not yet work on the BBC News app - but you can click here to see the options and select your favourite . Where will I find Nick 's answer ? Nick will publish his answer to the best rated question on the BBC News health section . Why are we doing this ? We want to write stories which matter to you . You can send us your questions about whatever interests you and BBC News will try to answer them . Where can I send in my questions in the future ? Look out for question boxes like this one across the BBC News website :	We asked you to send in questions about the NHS that you want BBC health correspondent Nick Triggle to look into .
Napper was linked to a series of rapes and attempted rapes in a south London parkland , known as the Green Chain , but was cleared for being `` too tall '' . He went on to kill Rachel Nickell in 1992 and Samantha Bissett and her four-year-old daughter Jazmine in 1993 . Napper pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility in December 2008 .	Serial rapist Robert Napper was brought to the attention of Metropolitan Police as early as 1989 , but a series of `` bad errors '' allowed the 42-year-old to slip the net , a report by the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) found .
The United Kingdom will vote on whether to remain in the European Union on Thursday 23 June . Ahead of that vote , a four-page ad in the Metro newspaper urged DUP followers to vote to leave under the headline : `` Take Back Control '' . The paper is read by thousands of commuters in London and other cities . But it is not available in Northern Ireland . The UK 's EU vote : All you need to know In the ad , the party lists a series of arguments against remaining in the EU . They also pointed to why they believe getting out is a `` better '' option . Mervyn Storey , DUP , defended his party 's decision to advertise in Britain . `` We are a national party , we are the fourth largest party in the House of Commons and , clearly , this is a national campaign , '' he said . `` Northern Ireland has not been on the periphery of this campaign , we in the DUP have been a central player in the Leave campaign and , therefore , it is as conceivable to take that ad in that publication as it is to take it in Northern Ireland . '' Asked about the cost of the advertisement , he called it `` a price worth paying '' to get the party 's message out .	The DUP has taken out a wraparound advertisement in a British free newspaper to convey the message that the party wants the UK to leave Europe .
William Ball , 37 , had been working at Derby Market Hall with a colleague before falling at about 04:20 GMT on Wednesday , Derbyshire Police said . Mr Ball , from Sandiacre , was taken to hospital but was pronounced dead . The Derby City Council-owned market hall remains closed and the Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) has been informed . More on this story and other news in Derbyshire Well-wishers have been leaving floral tributes outside the hall 's entrance . One read : `` Gone far too young . Always be in our memories . '' Another said : `` You will never be forgotten and sadly missed . '' The council has not said what type of work Mr Ball was doing , and said it does not know when the market hall will reopen .	A man who fell to his death while carrying out work at a market hall has been named by police .
Joel Griffiths , who performs as J Reaper , had not been seen since 19 April . Dog units , a police helicopter and Dartmoor Search and Rescue had been searching for the 35-year-old from Devonport , Plymouth . Plymouth police tweeted : `` Good news . Missing person Joel Griffiths found safe and well . ''	A rapper who has been missing on Dartmoor for almost two weeks has been found safe and well .
Star shooter Lisa Bowman got 49 goals as the home side won 51-35 . Northern Ireland also defeated the Republic of Ireland and Singapore earlier this week . The girls in green need to beat Barbados again in Friday 's Quad series final to secure their spot at the Gold Coast games next spring .	Northern Ireland 's netballers took a big step towards qualification for the 2018 Commonwealth Games with victory over Barbados in Lisburn on Wednesday .
McGregor , 26 , won in Las Vegas to become the first UFC champion from the Republic of Ireland . He escaped a hold before a series of strikes gave him victory with three seconds left of the second round . `` To come in here and hear all this applause , it 's just amazing . I truly appreciate it , '' said McGregor . Mendes , 30 , has a wrestling background and was a late replacement for Brazilian world champion Jose Aldo , who pulled out of the contest two weeks ago because of injury . `` I 've been hearing all the while that I 've been protected from this kind of opponent , that I 've been gifted a title shot , '' added McGregor . `` So when my title shot went running and they gave me the challenge I was supposed to be protected from , I decided that I 'm just going to prove to people that I 'm a true fighter . `` It does n't matter who it is , I 'll show up and I 'll put a finish on any fighter . ''	Irish mixed martial arts fighter Conor McGregor claimed the Ultimate Fighting Championship interim featherweight title by beating Chad Mendes .
Jane Baker-Lockett , 43 , and her children James and Amy Gaskin , from the Milton Keynes area , died following the crash in on the A361 in Devon . Her husband was travelling in a separate vehicle with her 14-year-old son and saw the crash behind them . The crash between their white Kia Sportage and an oncoming lorry happened near Barnstaple at 08:25 BST on Monday . More on the crash and other news The road was closed for nine hours while officers from the Exeter Serious Collision Investigation Unit examined the scene . Ms Baker-Lockett was pronounced dead at the scene . Amy was pronounced dead on arrival at North Devon District Hospital in Barnstaple . James , who was taken to hospital via air ambulance , died shortly afterwards . An investigation is under way and anyone with information is asked to contact Devon and Cornwall Police .	A mother and her 12-year-old twins killed in a crash while on holiday have been named .
It is believed the 58-year-old may have fallen around two hours before police were called to Church Street , Tetbury , on Saturday evening . Firefighters helped to recover her body from the property , Gloucestershire Police said . The woman 's death was not being treated as suspicious and the woman 's next of kin and the coroner had been informed , the force added . Emma Jones , 40 , was staying in a cottage overlooking the large 17th-century semi-detached house where the woman died . She said : `` There were seven ambulances , two or three police cars , about two fire engines and a helicopter - I feel so sorry for her family . '' A neighbour , who did not wish to be named , said they had been looking out of the window at around 20:30 BST when they `` saw the body come out in a private ambulance '' . `` We were told that she was doing her gardening and she just fell . One moment she was gardening , the next minute gone , '' they said . `` Just imagine how her family feel . Something like that , you would n't dream of happening . ''	A woman has died after plunging down a 15m ( 49ft ) well in her garden .
Technical issues at St George 's in Tooting , south London , were reported at about 17:00 BST and resolved by 19:40 . A spokeswoman said the cause was not yet known and that an investigation had been launched . One woman described it as `` chaos '' , adding : `` We have been here for eight hours . We still have not got a bed and we are waiting for X-ray results . '' The patient , who did not want to be named , added : `` I did hear a doctor say , ' I have never worked in a hospital before where all the computers have gone down ' . The hospital said the emergency department remained open and provided a `` full service '' .	A London hospital was thrown into `` chaos '' when its computer system went down for several hours .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 28 October 2014 Last updated at 21:49 GMT An anonymous donor paid Â£11,00 for Ben Baddeley to have an operation to help him walk earlier this year after it was cancelled by the NHS . But as his initial treatment was private the family are now having to pay for his follow-up care and need to find about Â£16,000 for his treatment which physiotherapists say he currently needs three times a week . BBC Midlands Today Health Correspondent Michele Paduano reports .	The family of a boy from Staffordshire who has cerebral palsy say they are struggling to pay for his physiotherapy .
23 January 2017 Last updated at 13:17 GMT With five tonnes of explosives that 's how ! The demolition happened in Wuhan , China and was to make way for a new 700m tall skyscraper and business park . Officials said â€œThe demolition effect was quite ideal . '' And also that the massive explosion `` did n't affect the light rail and public facilities around the blasted buildings . '' Which is a good job as right next to the demolition site are a number of busy roads and also a railway line !	How do you solve a problem like demolishing 19 blocks of flats ?
The 25-year-old has agreed a two-year contract at the Madejski Stadium . Mendes , who is Reading 's third signing of the summer , scored nine goals in 24 league starts for Le Havre in 2015-16 . `` He can play in a central role as a striker or in a wider forward position , so he gives us good options , '' Reading boss Jaap Stam told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Championship club Reading have signed French forward Joseph Mendes for an undisclosed fee from French second-tier side Le Havre .
The vehicle struck the 4.2m ( 13ft ) high bridge near Railway Street on Kingston Road , Taunton , at about 08:00 GMT . The A3102 was partially blocked while the vehicle was being freed but has now been re-opened in both directions . Network Rail said engineers had inspected the bridge and found `` no damage '' and trains were running normally .	Drivers faced delays after a lorry hit a railway bridge in Somerset and became stuck .
IS was `` on the offensive everywhere in Iraq '' eight months ago , but now their advance had been `` halted '' , he said . However , he urged Iraqi leaders not to lose the sense of political urgency that brought them to this point . Mr Biden was speaking ahead of a planned meeting between Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and US President Barack Obama next week . Iraqi government forces recaptured Tikrit from IS last week after it fell to the militants in June . Mr Abadi has named Anbar province , where IS and other Sunni insurgents still operate freely , as the next target . Anbar , a heavily-Sunni area stretching west from the capital Baghdad to the Syrian border , is the country 's biggest province . Most of its towns and cities are held by IS or other Sunni insurgents . Mr Biden said that IS militants had helped unite Iraqis . `` The irony of all ironies is that Iraq was actually helped [ to ] form its government because of [ IS ] . '' Iraq 's government under Mr Abadi had taken `` promising '' steps to reach out to Sunnis , while Iraqi and Kurdish forces had rolled back IS across the country , backed up by US-led air power , he added . The rapid advance across Syria and Iraq by IS fighters last year threw the region into chaos .	US Vice-President Joe Biden has given an upbeat assessment of Iraq 's progress against Islamic State ( IS ) militants .
The 23-year-old left Vale Park at the end of last season after scoring 10 goals in 54 appearances for the club . Hooper began his career at Newcastle and has also had spells with Northampton Town and Cheltenham . He did not sign in time to play in Grimsby 's EFL Cup tie against Derby but could make his debut against Coventry City in League Two on Saturday . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Grimsby Town have signed former Port Vale striker JJ Hooper on a two-year contract after he impressed on trial .
Darren Edwards , 35 , from Willington , died on Sunday when his Citreon C2 left the A690 and smashed into a brick wall in the village . He leaves behind fiancÃ© Tanya Palliser and daughters Chloe , 15 , Paige , eight , and four-year-old Freya . The girls said : `` We ca n't believe he has gone . '' In a statement released through Durham police , Mr Edwards ' daughters said : `` We are going to miss our daddy so much . `` He was so much fun and he used to make us laugh all the time when we were playing games together . '' His family said : `` We are completely devastated to have lost our kind , funny and loving Darren . `` He adored his three daughters and the thought of them growing up without him is so very hard for us to comprehend . ''	The three daughters of a man killed when his car hit a wall in County Durham have spoken of their devastation at his death .
The 24-year-old would provide cover for Grant Elliott when the New Zealander is representing his country . Akmal is an aggressive middle-order batsman who has played 16 Test matches and 111 one-day internationals . All-rounder Elliott has signed a deal which starts with their opening T20 Blast game with Derbyshire on 22 May . But the 35-year-old is likely to be involved for his country from 9 June when they begin their one-day series against England .	Leicestershire are in advanced talks to sign Pakistan batsman Umar Akmal for part of their T20 Blast campaign this summer , BBC Radio Leicester reports .
Parker , 35 , signed for the Whites in 2013 and has made 99 appearances for the club in all competitions . The midfielder said he was `` delighted '' to sign an extension and is `` confident next season will be a better one '' . The former England international missed the first 17 games of the season because of injury , while Fulham finished 20th in the Championship .	Fulham captain Scott Parker has agreed a one-year contract extension to remain at Craven Cottage until 2017 .
At least 10 divisions were raided including its chemical and confectionary businesses , a spokesman said . The raids come after police swooped on the group 's headquarters on Friday . This caused the company to pull out of a stock market share sale worth as much as $ 4.5bn ( Â£3bn ) . The allegations and police action also led Korea 's fifth largest conglomerate to pull out of bidding for the US chemicals company . Shares in both the chemical and confectionary group have fallen sharply since Friday 's raid . People familiar with the matter told Reuters that Friday 's raids , which involved about 200 prosecutors and investigators , were part of an investigation into a possible slush fund , although the Seoul prosecutors office could not be reached for comment . Lotte 's offer of shares to the public , known as an initial public offering , had been intended in part to simplify the ownership structure and improve corporate governance at the group . This followed a bitter feud over succession among the founding Shin family last year drew wide public criticism . The group has more than 90 firms in sectors as diverse as beer , hotels and chemicals , and annual revenues of around $ 60bn , according to the Korea Fair Trade Commission .	South Korean prosecutors carried out further raids on businesses of the Lotte Group , a sprawling conglomerate at the centre of a bribery probe .
Joint Warrior is one of Europe 's largest Nato exercises and is held twice a year in and around Scotland . Sailors and warships of the US Naval Force Europe-Africa/US 6th Fleet are among those involved in the UK-led war games . Images released by the American naval force show the ships and their crews arriving at Faslane on the Clyde for the start of the exercise last month . Other pictures show some of the training that has been taking place , including live firing exercises at a military range at Cape Wrath in Sutherland .	All images copyright of Commander , US Naval Forces Europe-Africa/US 6th Fleet .
It will increase from £5,953 to £7,792 after the proposal was backed by 17 votes to 11 at a meeting on Thursday . The authority said the figure was `` historically low '' and the increase would `` broaden the range of people '' who would consider becoming councillors . The rise was described as `` distasteful '' by one opponent at the meeting . Hartlepool had the lowest allowance of the five councils in the Tees Valley and the increase was recommended by an independent remuneration panel . It will now be the second lowest , ahead of Middlesbrough which pays £6,130 . Redcar and Cleveland Council pays the highest , with a figure of £9,550 .	Councillors in Hartlepool have approved a 30 % rise in their basic allowance , which they say will bring them into line with neighbouring authorities .
The plans have been criticised by some people including the UN Refugee Agency . Under the laws , any new refugees or migrants coming to Denmark will only be able to keep hold of things they own up to a value of about Â£1,000 . The police will be able to take items above that value . Things with sentimental value like wedding rings wo n't be included . The Danish government says that the valuables will be used to pay for the costs of looking after migrants and refugees coming to the country . The new law also means that migrants and refugees will have to wait before applying for relatives to join them . At the moment they only have to wait one year in future it will be three years . These changes mean that refugees and migrants are working under the same rules that apply for people who are do n't have jobs in Denmark . Tommy Zwicky , from the Danish version of Newsround - Ultra Nyt - sent us a report from outside the Danish Parliament .	The Danish parliament has voted to bring in new laws for migrants and refugees coming to the country .
Vardy was dismissed in the 28th minute for a two-footed tackle on Mame Diouf . If the decision is upheld , the 29-year-old England international will receive a three-match ban and miss games against Everton , West Ham and Middlesbrough . The champions said they expect to hear the outcome `` in the coming days '' . Vardy jumped and made the tackle with both feet on the Potters ' Senegal forward Diouf . He won the ball but made contact with Diouf 's shins . Referee Craig Pawson deemed it reckless enough to issue a red card , Vardy 's second of 2016 . `` He wants to challenge and get the ball , not make a foul , '' Foxes manager Claudio Ranieri said after the match , in which his side came from 2-0 down to earn a point . `` There was a big challenge between Johnson and Vardy . He touched the ball . Maybe it was yellow . ''	Leicester City have appealed against the red card shown to striker Jamie Vardy in Saturday 's 2-2 Premier League draw at Stoke .
Media playback is not supported on this device Williams , 36 , and Rajeev , 32 , lost a match tie-break 10-7 after the first two sets finished 6-7 ( 3-7 ) 6-1 . Russia 's Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina won women 's doubles gold . They beat five-time Grand Slam winner Martina Hingis and Swiss partner Timea Bacsinszky 6-4 6-4 . Lucie Safarova and Barbora Strycova won an all-Czech bronze-medal match against Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradeck 7-5 6-1 . The mixed doubles bronze was also won by a Czech pair , with Lucie Hradecka and Radek Stepanek beating India 's Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna 6-1 7-5 .	USA 's Venus Williams was denied a record fifth Olympic tennis gold as she and partner Ram Rajeev lost to compatriots Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Jack Sock in the mixed doubles final .
The city council said the homes would be built over the next six years . It said the scheme would initially focus on building the right type of homes , including single occupancy and housing suitable for older people . Ric Metcalfe , head of the Labour-led authority , said they would help address the shortage of affordable homes . He said the current situation for many people was `` pretty desperate '' . `` We are trying to address the acute housing need in the city and we have 3,000 people on our waiting list and lots of other people looking for affordable rental accommodation , '' he said . He added the scheme would be mostly funded from existing council housing income , which stands at about £30m a year , from about 8,000 tenants . Mr Metcalfe said the council would continue to use its rental income to keep building more homes in the future . He gave assurances the 150 homes were not just `` a flash in the pan '' . The authority said it was also using its planning powers to encourage the private sector to build more homes . Other than five council homes built in 2012 , the new houses will be the first to be built by the authority since the early 1990s .	A £15m plan for 150 council homes in Lincoln has been announced - the authority 's first significant house-building programme in 20 years .
But the 23-year-old will miss the 2017 WSL 1 Spring Series while she finishes her degree in the United States . Murray , who joined Liverpool from North Carolina in 2015 , will return to England for the 2017-18 winter season . `` Satara played a crucial role for us last season , '' Liverpool Ladies manager Scott Rogers told the club website .	​Liverpool Ladies and England Under-23 defender Satara Murray has signed a new , undisclosed-length contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Drawings from the author 's novels will be on display at National Museum Cardiff until 20 November . The exhibition features more than 120 works , brings together curator Quentin Blake 's drafts and storyboards with finished art work to demonstrate how ideas evolved . The 100th anniversary of Roald Dahl 's birth will be celebrated in September . A Roald Dahl-themed breakfast takes place at 10:00 BST , followed by drawing and a fancy dress competition .	A Roald Dahl-themed art exhibition opens in Cardiff on Saturday .
Two routes are being assessed with one focusing on the A55/A494 from the River Dee bridge to Northop . The second looks at highway and transport improvements using the existing A458 Flintshire Bridge . It is hoped the improvements will boost the economy by improving access to Deeside Enterprise Zone and north Wales , say officials . Neither of the two routes involves widening the A494 , the scheme that was abandoned after opposition by residents on Aston Hill . Homes were demolished to make way for a controversial seven-lane highway before ministers threw those plans out . Exhibitions are at Coleg Cambria , Connah 's Quay , on Tuesday and Wednesday and Deeside Leisure Centre , Queensferry , on Thursday and Friday .	Plans for £200m road improvements in Deeside will go on display over the next four days .
Left-back Warnock , 35 , initially joined on loan last season before making the move permanent last summer . Ex-Man Utd winger Gabriel Obertan , 28 , goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen , 42 and full-back Andrew Taylor , 30 , are also released . Midfielders David Perkins , 34 , and Jordan Flores , 21 , have been offered new deals by the managerless club . After winning League One last season Wigan were relegated straight back to the third tier after finishing 23rd in the Championship .	Wigan captain Stephen Warnock is one of four players released by the club after their relegation from the Championship .
It was organised by the team behind WebSummit which has grown to be one of the biggest technology conferences in Europe . About 1,000 exhibitors , from large organisations such as Amazon and Google to smaller start ups , set up at T13 in the Titanic Quarter . Mike Harvey , head of strategic communications at Web Summit , said : `` Belfast was an amazing venue , and the welcome our attendees received in the city was world-class . `` Unfortunately , for future growth , we have decided to move to the larger international hub of Madrid . '' Gerry Lennon , chief executive of Visit Belfast , said the ability of international speakers to get to Belfast had been an issue . `` Access is the next issue for us to crack , particularly air routes to Asia , Germany and Scandinavia , '' he said . `` We have the venue with the Waterfront Hall , we have good links to the UK and those international links have to come next . '' This announcement comes after 42,000 people attended WebSummit in November which was held in Dublin for the last time . From next year , Paddy Cosgrave from WebSummit and his team are moving that event to Lisbon .	MoneyConf , a finance and technology event that took place in Belfast last June is moving to Madrid from next year .
Premier League champions Chelsea have been linked with a move for the 26-year-old Brazil international . Juve signed Sandro for 26m euros ( £23m ) from Porto in 2015 . Chief executive Giuseppe Marotta said : `` If a player decides to leave ... then at the end of the day he has to go . '' Sandro has won back-to-back league and cup doubles at Juventus and played in the side that lost in the Champions League final to Real Madrid . Juve have already agreed to let right-back Dani Alves , a target for Manchester City , leave after one season in Turin .	Juventus say they have received a `` substantial offer '' for Alex Sandro and will not prevent the left-back from leaving the club if he wants to .
In September , the club said its motto would be reinstated after its removal for this season led to protests . Fans were given a choice of three new crests they could vote for . Nearly 80 % of fans that took part opted for the winning design , which garnered 10,343 votes , while 12 % of fans chose the second option and 9 % the third . Unveiling the crest , Everton manager Roberto Martinez said : `` I was impressed straightaway when I saw it but there has been a huge majority of fans have chosen this one . `` It captures what we were looking for : to have a modern touch and to be a global badge without taking away all the key icons of the football club . `` Certain icons represent many years of history and that is important . Fans made it clear they wanted to see the tower and our motto and I think it is important 'Nil satis ' is back on the badge . '' The motto Nil Satis Nisi Optimum , which means `` nothing but the best '' , dates back 75 years but disappeared as part of the redesign . The club apologised in May after 22,000 fans signed an online petition condemning the `` awful '' 2013-2014 badge . The winning design , which was voted for via the club 's website , will be used from next season .	Everton FC have revealed the new club badge design most popular with its supporters , after a previous redesign was criticised .
`` Corrective action will be taken against those responsible , '' said city 's Mayor Parks Tau . Wednesday 's rush-hour incident happened on the main highway linking Johannesburg to the capital , Pretoria . The BBC 's Pumza Fihlani in Johannesburg says efforts to reopen the busy M1 motorway are continuing . Traffic between Johannesburg and Pretoria has been severely disrupted by the accident that happened near a busy slip road close to the Sandton financial district . The temporary bridge linked Sandton to the poorer area of Alexandra - and had been put in place while a permanent bridge was being built . Spokesman for the mayor 's office Makhudu Sefara has told the BBC that 21 people were injured - with six remaining in hospital , three of whom are receiving treatment in intensive care units . Mayor Tau told reporters at the scene of the accident that the building of a permanent bridge would continue because it remained an important link for the city . Both the construction company , Murray & Roberts , as well as South Africa 's Labour Department have begun separate investigations to determine what caused the bridge to collapse .	Authorities in South Africa have opened an investigation after a temporary pedestrian bridge collapsed over a motorway in Johannesburg killing two .
30 August 2016 Last updated at 12:56 BST Monday night 's event included an open top bus parade through the town . The brothers joked that it seemed like a `` few million '' had turned up to welcome them .	Irish Olympic silver medallists Gary and Paul O'Donovan have expressed their delight at the crowds that attended their homecoming parade in Skibbereen in County Cork .
Preliminary results show the centre-left party secured about 39 % of the vote - down nearly 5 % from the last election in 2010 . The Freedom Party , who campaigned on concerns of mass migration , had 31 % - an increase of about 5 % . The result means the Social Democrats can continue to govern in coalition . It is expected that the Green Party - which polled about 12 % - will remain the Social Democrats ' coalition partner in the new Vienna city government . The Social Democrats have ruled the capital since 1945 . But the far right Freedom Party looks set to claim its strongest result yet , capitalising on fears about migrants and the economy , the BBC 's Bethany Bell in Vienna reports . Tens of thousands of migrants , heading for Germany , have passed through Vienna in recent weeks , our correspondent says . About 5 % of them have applied for asylum in Austria .	Austria 's Social Democrats have held onto power in the capital Vienna , withstanding a challenge by the far-right Freedom Party in municipal polls .
31 January 2016 Last updated at 13:59 GMT Tim is currently spending six months on the International Space Station . He shared a little video of himself cooking a breakfast of scrambled eggs in the space lab . The process for making the eggs seems pretty easy ( you just add warm water and they fluff up ) , but Tim does n't look particularly excited about eating it ! He Tweeted : `` Not quite as good as at home , but they are definitely scrambled ! Space scrambled eggs . ''	Record breaking British astronaut , Tim Peake , has revealed how he makes scrambled eggs for breakfast , in space .
27 March 2015 Last updated at 12:46 GMT The species are usually only found in deep ocean waters but experts think they got stuck after coming inland to find fish to eat . It took ten rescuers three hours to get them to safety . They were lifted out of the river using special harnesses before being released back into the sea . The rescue team in Mandurah , where the the dolphins were discovered , say the pair were healthy when they were released and they 've shown no signs of wanting to head back into the river .	Two bottlenose dolphins have been rescued after getting trapped for three days in a shallow river , in Australia .
Adam Day , 40 , from Leeds , was arrested in 2013 for offences relating to sexual assault and indecent images . Police believe he has connections with Norfolk and Worcester and was last known to be in the Brighton area . West Yorkshire Police said he could be living in tents and busking in town and city centres across West Yorkshire and Norfolk . He is described as white , about 5ft 7ins tall and of average build with short brown hair , a goatee beard and blue eyes . Det Sup Pat Twiggs , of West Yorkshire Police , said : `` We believe he is living a transient lifestyle , sleeping in tents and busking for money or working in cash-in-hand jobs . '' He appealed for anyone with information to contact the Leeds Child Safeguarding Unit on 0113 385 9474 .	A man arrested in connection with more than 30 sex offences is wanted by police after he failed to answer bail .
A 24-year-old man suffered `` serious but not life-threatening injuries '' in the attack while shopping at the store in Mold at 13:39 GMT on Wednesday . No-one else was injured during the incident . A local man was arrested in the store , said North Wales Police . Police said the store has been closed while crime scene investigators gather evidence and officers speak to witnesses . The injured man is from Yorkshire . Det Chief Insp Alun Oldfield said : `` Initial indications are this is a racially motivated attack and as such management of the community impact will feature significantly in order to provide public reassurance . '' A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesman said : `` We responded with a rapid response vehicle and an emergency ambulance and a man with serious injuries was taken to hospital . '' The supermarket said the store was likely to remain closed for the day .	A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an attack at a Tesco supermarket in Flintshire which police say could be racially motivated .
The 57-year-old was killed in The Old Mill housing estate in Ratoath on 23 March . He was shot a number of times while sitting in his car outside his home . It is thought the gun attack was linked to a gangland feud , which left two other men dead earlier this year . Mr Duggan , a well-known criminal linked to cigarette smuggling , was a friend of Dublin gangland criminal Gerry Hutch . The Hutch family was caught up in a feud that led to a hotel gun attack in February . One man died when gunmen posing as police officers opened fire inside Dublin 's Regency Hotel on 5 February , during a boxing weigh-in event . Days later Gerry Hutch 's brother , Eddie Hutch Sr , was shot dead in his Dublin flat , in a suspected reprisal for the hotel gun attack . Their nephew , Gary Hutch , was shot dead in Spain last September , reportedly as part of the same feud .	A man in his 40s is being questioned by Irish police investigating the murder of Noel Duggan in County Meath last month .
The bridge , at junction 6 of the ring road , is intended to make the city centre more accessible for pedestrians walking from the railway station . Sixteen beams have been put in place to form the bridge , which should be completed by April next year . A 40-year-old bridge at the junction was demolished in March . The huge new bridge is so large that it has effectively created a tunnel where part of the ring road goes , BBC Midlands Today 's transport correspondent Peter Plisner said . The last two beams were winched into place on Monday evening , when the ring road in the area was closed to traffic .	The last two large steel beams have been winched into place to support a new £13m bridge across Coventry 's ring road .
A survey of 1,211 IoD members indicated they believe that the deficit reduction should be achieved mainly through spending cuts rather than tax rises . Infrastructure and education were other major policy areas the business body 's members would like to see addressed . IoD director Simon Walker said it was time for `` decisive action '' . More than half of those who took part in the survey , which was conducted immediately after the general election , also strongly opposed increases in national insurance , income tax , VAT and business rates . The research also found support for improving the UK 's broadband capability , investing in energy generation , and spending on railways . In addition , there was also overwhelming support for a crackdown on tax avoidance . Mr Walker said : `` The election result was more decisive than most expected , and now is the time for the new government to take decisive action . `` Returning the budget to surplus must be the overriding goal in this Parliament , but businesses want the emphasis to be on finding further reductions in spending , not significantly raising taxes . ''	The new Conservative government should make bringing down the deficit a priority , members of the Institute of Directors ( IoD ) have said .
The Other Side of the Wind , which began filming 45 years ago and stars cinematic legends John Huston and Peter Bogdanovich , has never been seen . A goal of $ 2m ( Â£1.3m ) has been set on crowdfunding Indiegogo , to fund the editing , score and post production . This year the 100th anniversary of Welles ' birth is being celebrated . The movie has been described as `` a scathing tale of friendship , betrayal , media and ambition in Hollywood '' . Fans have until 14 June to donate , with perks including limited edition film prints and invitations to the movie 's world premiere on offer for donations . `` Had crowdfunding been around in the 1970s , I believe Orson would have embraced it as a way of engaging filmgoers directly , '' said one of the movie 's producers , Filip Jan Rymsza . `` Shot over five years in multiple formats , finishing the film is a huge technical undertaking . '' Welles ' daughter Beatrice has also put her name to the campaign . `` My father struggled his whole life to find funding to finish his pictures , but never as much as he did for this one , '' she said . `` He would truly be ecstatic to know that it was the people who really cared about his work who , in the end , brought his last dream to fruition . ''	A crowdfunding campaign has been launched to complete Orson Welles ' unfinished final film .
Former Wales Under-21 international James , 28 , made 138 appearances for the Leyton Orient over four years before leaving the club earlier this month . Simpson , 31 , counts Coventry and Oldham among his former clubs and left Cambridge this month by mutual consent . He scored four times in 36 games last term and played under Exeter boss Paul Tisdale for England Universities . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Exeter have signed midfielder Lloyd James and ex-Cambridge forward Robbie Simpson on free transfers .
The 24-year-old player has scored 13 goals and made eight assists in 33 Premier League games . The award was voted for by the Belgian midfielder 's fellow professionals . Hazard , who won last season 's young player accolade , was handed the prize at the Grosvenor Hotel in London on Sunday . He said : `` I 'm very happy . One day I want to be the best and what I did this season is play very well , Chelsea played very well . '' `` Personally I have played a good season , I have been there in the big games and I scored a lot of important goals , '' he added . Chelsea midfielder Ji So-Yun took the Women 's Player of the Year award . Tottenham Hotspur 's Harry Kane , 21 , and Arsenal midfielder Leah Williamson , 18 , won the PFA Young Player of the Year awards .	Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Professional Footballers ' Association Player of the Year award .
The event at Sandwell Valley Country Park , West Bromwich , was held after Joel Richards , 19 , died near Sousse alongside his uncle and grandfather . Mr Richards , from Wednesbury , was a referee and student at the University of Worcester . Money was raised for the Victim Support charity after more than 1,000 people took part in the 11 September event . Read more news for Birmingham and the Black Country Mr Richards ' mother Suzy Evans said she was `` overwhelmed '' by the amount raised following the 5k and 3k runs . She said : `` He would be smiling from ear to ear and he would just love the fact that we all came together and celebrated and remembered everybody that did n't come home . `` I 'm sure he would have loved it and he would have loved seeing so many people doing the run . He was all about fitness . '' Mr Richards , a Walsall FC fan , died alongside his uncle Adrian Evans , grandfather Patrick Evans and 35 others in terror attacks near Sousse . Walsall manager Jon Whitney took part in one of the two runs that were held last month .	More than £27,000 has been raised after a charity run in memory of a man killed in a terror attack in Tunisia .
The 21-year-old scored 11 goals while on loan at the Blues as they finished runners up in the Women 's Super League . The England Under-23 international is the sister of Natasha Jonas - Britain 's first female Olympic boxer . `` I 'm really happy to have signed permanently . I 'm so glad because here at City I feel I 've got a place I can call home , '' she told the club website . `` It was an easy decision for me . I wanted to stay in WSL 1 and I did n't want to go to any other club . ''	Manchester City Women have signed Nikita Parris on a permanent two-year deal from Everton after her loan spell .
The Robins have not won in the league since head coach Luke Williams was given a five-year contract in March . They are currently 16th in the table , six points above the relegation zone with five games to play . `` I think we know we 've got the strength and the quality to stay up , '' Brophy , 21 , told BBC Wiltshire . `` I do n't think anyone 's looking over their shoulders , we 've got a good enough team to cement our position in League One . `` If we go on a good run in the last four or five games and get a few wins and a couple of draws everyone will change their mind about how the season 's been . '' Brophy , who had been playing for non-league side Edgware Town before joining Swindon in August 2015 , dismissed the suggestion that the club 's current poor form is connected to Williams being given a permanent contract . `` I think that 's just coincidence - if you ask any of the boys in the dressing room they 're all behind Luke , '' he said . `` There 's not many teams where managers give such confidence to the players to play with such freedom and use their ability , so I think all the boys would agree we 're lucky to have him . ''	Swindon Town midfielder James Brophy says the team are not worried about relegation despite their seven-match winless run in League One .
At least 49 people were killed in the attack , making it the worst mass shooting in recent US history . The target of the gun attack was a gay club and Belfast City Hall , the council 's headquarters , was lit in the colours of the rainbow on Monday . The rainbow flag is a symbol used by lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) campaigners . A book of condolence was also opened inside the city hall earlier on Monday . At midnight , the exterior lighting will be changed over to the colours of the US flag - red , white and blue . The tribute will remain in place until dawn .	Belfast City Council has paid tribute to the victims of Sunday 's terrorist attack in Orlando , Florida .
The committee 's clerk asked whether members required the use of a mini-bus to get to a meeting with the Irish parliament 's Public Accounts Committee . Sinn Féin 's Máirtín Ó Muilleoir said he would prefer to catch the train . Ulster Unionist Leslie Cree thought the members should travel together in a bus to save money . Warming to the idea , Mr Ó Muilleoir asked if Mr Cree knew `` any good songs '' to sing on the bus . The DUP 's Jim Wells suggested they sing `` the Sash '' .	Members of the assembly 's finance committee have been discussing suitable songs to sing on a bus trip to Dublin .
He had been found guilty by Kowloon City Court last week of pouring an unknown liquid on to police officers from an embankment . Later this week , seven policemen will go on trial accused of attacking Tsang after arresting him . Footage of Tsang being beaten was widely shared on social media . During conviction last week , magistrate Peter Law told the Kowloon City court that Tsang `` clearly knew there were many officers below '' when he poured the liquid , and that his act showed `` hostility . '' But Tsang 's lawyer , Robert Pang , said the assault his client suffered on the night of 15 October 2014 was much more serious than the one he was accused of . Tsang was freed on bail and has said he will appeal against his sentence . Courts in Hong Kong are beginning to hear the cases of more than 1,000 people arrested during protests which closed parts of the city for more than two months . Protesters were calling for direct elections for the territory 's next leader , which has been rejected by Beijing .	Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Ken Tsang has been sentenced to five weeks in prison for assault and resisting arrest during protests in 2014 .
The male victim was waiting for a fare in Thames Street with his window open when the attack happened shortly after 22:30 BST on Tuesday . A white flatbed van drove past and the taxi driver felt a `` burning sensation '' as the liquid hit him . The man washed the liquid away with water and was not seriously injured . Thames Valley Police said the driver found damage to his vehicle 's window seal caused by the substance . Det Insp Jason Kew said he was `` keeping an open mind '' about possible motives . `` This was a distressing incident for the driver , '' he added . `` It was fortunate that he was not seriously injured . ''	An `` unknown substance '' was thrown in the face of a taxi driver parked outside Windsor Castle , police have said .
The first incident happened at 13:00 on Wednesday in Riverside Drive , Haddington . A nine-year-old girl raised the alarm after being approached by a man in a small two-door blue car , who engaged her in conversation . In the same area at 16:15 that day a boy , nine , was also stopped . The vehicle this time was a described as a larger saloon-style car with dents of the nearside doors , rusty wheel arches and bird droppings on the bonnet . During both reports , the man involved was white , in his 40s , with short brown hair , a brown beard and was wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt . Insp Alan Hogarth , of Police Scotland , said : `` At this time we are trying to establish exactly what has happened during both these incidents and I would ask anyone with information to come forward . `` East Lothian remains a safe place and at this time I would urge the public to remain calm while we conduct our inquiries . ''	Two separate incidents of a man in a car stopping children in the street to speak to them in East Lothian have been reported to police .
A three-month-old boy was brought to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital on Saturday at 11:00 BST , police said . He was taken to Bristol Children 's Hospital where he remains in a critical but stable condition . A 20-year-old woman and 26-year-old man have been arrested and remain in police custody . Police said a `` scene guard '' was in place on Archdeacon Street in Gloucester and said it was thought to be `` an isolated incident with no wider risk to the public '' .	Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a baby was seriously injured in Gloucester .
The 31-year-old has scored four goals in 27 appearances this season but has not featured for the Stags since the start of February . Westcarr has played for nine different clubs during his career including Portsmouth , Walsall and Chesterfield . `` Craig wants to be playing regular football and has gone to get further game time under his belt . '' Stags boss Adam Murray told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Southport have signed Mansfield striker Craig Westcarr on loan until 30 April .
The 22-year-old came off the bench to score the winner in Tuesday 's pre-season friendly against Doncaster . `` I tried to sign him for Crawley last year when he went to Yeovil and I tried getting him a couple of months ago , '' Evans told BBC Radio Sheffield . The former Everton player scored six goals in 29 league appearances for the Glovers last season . `` Last season he scored nearly one goal in every two matches he started . He is hungry and is excited about the direction in which Rotherham is heading , '' Evans told the club website . The former Arsenal academy product will go into the Millers ' squad for their friendly against Hearts on Saturday . Agard 's goal against Rovers on Tuesday means Rotherham have now won all four of their pre-season fixtures so far this summer , including their first two games in their new home , the New York Stadium .	Rotherham have completed the signing of ex-Yeovil striker Kieran Agard , subject to him passing a medical .
William Swann quit as a member of the Crofting Commission last week . BBC Alba has since learned that he had told crofters he would resign if he felt the commission was not dealing with their case in a fair manner . The commission has been in dispute with the crofters in Mangersta and Upper Coll about how they manage their common grazings committees . The commission dismissed both committees , whose members are crofters , earlier this year and appointed officials to run the grazings , which are shared areas of land for raising livestock . Western Isles Council - Comhairle nan Eilean Siar - and commission chiefs have met to discuss the matter . MSP Rhoda Grant has tabled a question in the Scottish Parliament asking the Scottish government if it would establish an inquiry into the Crofting Commission handling of the situation . Catriona MacLean , of the Crofting Commission , said normally such issues were resolved `` quietly '' and not in the public domain . She said the meeting with the comhairle had involved discussion on a `` range of topics '' and had allowed the commission to `` explain a lot of things '' . Ms MacLean said she could not comment on Mr Swann 's resignation , but said the commission was working effectively and within the law .	A crofting commissioner has resigned in a dispute about the running of two common grazings on Lewis .
Its report , published three days from the general election , said Wales faces a `` turn-out time-bomb '' , although young voters ' belief in democracy is high . ERS Cymru calls for a lower voting age , `` radical overhaul '' of politics teaching in schools and a `` louder voice '' for young people in Welsh public life . Around 52 % of under-24s voted in 2010 , compared to 65 % of all eligible . This was an improvement on the record low of 38 % in 2005 , but ERS Cymru warns the long-term trend is one of decline . In 1964 young voters turned out in roughly the same proportion as voters of all ages - 77 % - but since 1997 they have been notably less likely to vote than older people . Director Steve Brooks called on the new Parliament to `` immediately devolve power over the voting age to Wales , so AMs can get on and make changes in time for next year 's assembly elections '' . `` The Welsh government needs to radically overhaul how politics is taught in schools , '' he said . Mr Brooks also called on the Welsh government to set up an independent national youth assembly for Wales and reverse its decision to withdraw funding from Funky Dragon .	The next generation of voters may ignore formal politics , the Electoral Reform Society ( ERS ) has said .
The Met Office said outbreaks could bring up to 20mm of rain in a relatively short period of time . It also warned of possible transport disruption . The warning from 08:00 GMT on Saturday until 12:00 GMT on Sunday is for all of south Wales and Powys .	A warning has been issued for rain across south and parts of mid Wales over the weekend which could lead to localised flooding .
30 December 2016 Last updated at 13:13 GMT The Beipanjiang bridge stands 565 metres above the ground , which is nearly twice the height of the Shard skyscraper in London . The bridge connects the two mountainous areas of Yunnan and Guizhou , cutting the journey time between the two places from four hours to around one hour . The four lane bridge , which spans 1,341 metres , is now open to vehicles .	The world 's highest bridge has opened in China , after taking three years to be built .
Nade tucked the ball beyond Robbie Thomson , but Queens were level when Iain Russell found the top corner . The visitors took the lead when Alex Harris slotted past Jamie Ewings . But , within two second-half minutes , Tom Walsh and Nade put the Sons ahead and Garry Fleming 's penalty secured the win after a foul on Gregor Buchanan . The win lifts Dumbarton five points clear of second-bottom Livingston with a game in hand .	Christian Nade netted a brace as Dumbarton came from behind to beat Queen of the South and improve their chances of avoiding relegation .
The victim was found with stab wounds in Davenport Street , Bolton , on Saturday night and died at the scene . Police said a group of attackers , wearing dark clothing , ran off when witnesses tried to help the man being attacked . A 29-year-old man has been released from custody pending further inquiries . A post-mortem examination has confirmed the man died from multiple stab wounds . Detectives said they were following `` a number of lines of inquiry '' but urged people to contact them with information , `` no matter how big or small '' .	A man who was arrested on suspicion of murder following the stabbing of a 39-year-old man in a street attack has been released on bail .
The victim , who has been named as 20-year-old Emille Stapleton , died following `` an altercation '' in St Albans city centre at 03:20 BST on Saturday . Hertfordshire Police said 11 people had been arrested in connection with the incident . Eight men aged between 19 and 27 , two girls aged 17 and two women aged 26 and 20 , have all been bailed . Mr Stapleton was taken to Watford General Hospital after he was injured during the fight in London Road , police said . `` This incident occurred at a busy time in the city centre and a large number of witnesses are being spoken to as part of the investigation , '' Det Insp Justine Jenkins , from the Bedfordshire , Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit , said . `` I would urge anyone who knows anything about the incident and has not yet spoken to police , to do so immediately by calling the non-emergency number 101 . ''	Eleven people arrested over the murder of a man in Hertfordshire have been released on bail , police said .
Production was down 2 % year-over-year , the Federal Reserve reported on Friday . Weak demand from overseas markets has led to overall production for the year falling by 0.6 % . And motor vehicle and car parts production fell by 1.6 % after climbing by 0.8 % the previous month . However , manufacturing may be set for a rebound , as the value of the dollar falls . Steve Murphy , an economist from Capital Economics , said the sector was `` showing a Lazarus-like rise from the dead '' . A survey by the Institute for Supply Management reported production rose in March , with experts largely seeing these surveys as a indicator of future output . Another report , the Fed 's Empire State index , which measures manufacturing activity in New York State , also rose , climbing to its highest level in over a year . But mining is expected to continue its decline in coming months . On Wednesday , the largest US coal miner Peabody Energy filed for bankruptcy . The industry has taken hits from low oil prices , clean energy , and mounting government regulations .	Industrial production in the US fell back for a second consecutive month in March , led by drops in mining and car manufacturing .
The 33-year-old joined the Black and Whites on a two-year deal in November 2014 and scored seven tries in 27 Super League appearances last season . He told the club website : `` It was n't a hard decision at all . I sat down with my family and we all agreed we wanted to stay here . `` We 're really settled here now and I believe the club has a big future that I want to be a part of . ''	Hull FC back-rower Mark Minichiello has signed a one-year contract extension .
The PSNI said they included teenagers and people in their early 20s . Ch Supt Chris Noble said although post-mortem examinations had been carried out , police were waiting for the results of toxicology tests to determine the cause of death . Three people are believed to have died since Boxing Day . Ch Supt Noble said : `` Our advice is very simple . `` Do not take illegal drugs ; do not take prescription medication that has not been prescribed for you and do not mix either with alcohol . `` The consequences of ignoring this advice can be life-threatening . '' Police said possible links to drug or substance abuse were `` strong lines of enquiry '' in some of the deaths . `` The consumption and mixing of illegal drugs can be a lottery of death as it is often unclear what the substance is , its strength or the harm it can do to your body , '' he added .	Police are investigating whether the sudden deaths of a number of people in Belfast are linked to drug or substance abuse .
Police said the men , aged 25 and 27 , were arrested at about 04:00 BST on Monday . A PSNI spokesperson said there was a possible link between the incident and a number of burglaries in the Botanic area overnight . The men remain in police custody .	Two men have been arrested following reports of a break-in at a house at Ireton Street in south Belfast .
The group is so tight that Togo have a chance to reach the quarter-finals if they beat DR Congo on Tuesday . `` It 's all in our hands , '' Adebayor said . `` Before the Afcon , if you 'd put me in this position , I would sign for it . `` So now we just have to go for it - that 's what I 'll tell my team-mates ! '' A win will likely secure qualification for Togo - although if the match between Morocco and Ivory Coast ends in a draw , they might need an improved goal difference to be sure . Adebayor said the Hawks would be `` focused '' as they prepare for the game . The former Arsenal , Tottenham and most recently Crystal Palace star has not played been with a professional club since June 2016 - but has proved himself to be in good shape . `` I am lucky to be alive and lucky to be a footballer , '' he said when asked about his performances in Gabon . `` Physically I am a lucky guy - whether I work hard or not I am always fit . ''	Togo captain Emmanuel Adebayor shrugged off his side 's 3-1 loss to Morocco at the Africa Cup of Nations , despite them sitting bottom of the table going into their last Group D match .
They relate to betting patterns on a match between Port Talbot and Rhyl on 9 April 2016 . The fixture in question saw Port Talbot lose 5-0 to already relegated Rhyl - who had not won in 17 previous matches . Seven men and three women were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud and are all in police custody . The matter had initially been referred to the Gambling Commission by the Football Association of Wales ( FAW ) . FAW chief executive Jonathan Ford said : `` These arrests are a result of a thorough process of evidence gathering and close co-operation between the FAW , South Wales Police and the Gambling Commission . '' Those arrested include :	Ten people have been arrested amid allegations of match fixing in a Welsh Premier League match .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 12 December 2011 Last updated at 08:56 GMT Stephen King was on his board , just off the coast of New South Wales in Australia when a shark came abit too close . He managed to escape with just a few small grazes on his leg , but not before the shark took a bite out of his surf board .	A surfer has had a lucky escape after he was attacked by a shark .
It happened on the A986 Dounby to Twatt road near Birsay on Wednesday morning . The male pedestrian died at the scene . Police Scotland said the road was closed to allow a collision investigation .	A pedestrian has died after being knocked down by a truck in Orkney .
Police said the birds were discovered in Oakley Wood , near Crowmarsh Gifford , Oxfordshire . It is not clear how the dead kite was killed , but the two injured birds had been shot with a shotgun . Red kites are protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 and anyone found killing one can face jail . The surviving birds are now being cared for by the Tiggywinkles charity . PC Robert Searle , of Thames Valley Police , said : `` Fortunately incidents of this nature are very rare in the Thames Valley and a thorough investigation is under way . '' The Chilterns Conservation Board said the reintroduction of red kites on the Oxfordshire-Buckinghamshire border in 1989 was one of the UK 's most successful conservation projects . There are about 1,000 red kites in England .	A red kite , one of the UK 's most highly protected birds of prey , has been found dead and two more left riddled with shotgun pellets .
Masaya Nakamura established Nakamura Manufacturing , which went on to become the Nakamura Amusement Machine Manufacturing Company ( Namco ) in 1956 . He started out installing two electric horses on the roof of a department store in Japan as amusement rides . He was known as the `` father '' of Pac-Man because it was a Namco release in 1980 . The game was developed by Toru Iwatani and in 2016 was named the highest-grossing arcade game of all time by the website US Gamer . Mr Nakamura was an honorary advisor at Bandai Namco until his death on 22 January . He was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun , a Japanese government honour , in 2007 and was inducted into the International Video Game Hall of Fame in 2010 .	The founder of video game company Bandai Namco , which released cult game Pac-Man , has died at the age of 91 , the firm has announced .
North Yorkshire Police said 600 bottles of wine had been taken from a warehouse in Langbar , near Ilkley , at some point on Tuesday night into Wednesday morning . The haul included 300 bottles of expensive French wine , the force said . A spokesperson added a vehicle would have been required to move the wine , which was on a pallet . Officers are appealing for anyone with information about the theft , or who is offered wine for sale in suspicious circumstances , to contact them .	Hundreds of bottles of wine , worth thousands of pounds , have been stolen , prompting a police appeal .
About 50 of the posts will be created at its offices in Edinburgh and Glasgow , with the rest spread between sites in Leeds , Manchester and London . The company said it was hiring IT professionals and graduates in response to strong demand for its services . The new roles will bring the company 's total headcount to more than 850 . The posts will include programme and project managers , IT infrastructure technical consultants and IT security specialists . Group chief executive Paul Thomson said : `` We are seeing unprecedented demand from FTSE 100 companies , and equivalent companies internationally , for our IT transformation services and are staffing up accordingly to meet anticipated demand . `` Growth is particularly robust in IT security , where we are running Security Operations Centres for a number of customers . `` We expect revenues from this sector alone to double this financial year . '' ECS 's client base includes blue-chip companies in banking , financial services , retail and telecoms and media . Its clients include three of the four largest UK retail banks and two of the top four British supermarkets .	Glasgow-based IT consultancy and services provider ECS has announced that it will create 200 new jobs by the end of the year .
A stained glass window has been installed at St Martin 's Church in Bladon , Oxfordshire , where the wartime prime minister is buried . It will be unveiled by the Duchess of Cornwall . The Duchess will also open a memorial garden , and unveil a bust , at Churchill 's ancestral home of Blenheim Palace . The window , featuring imagery of a Spitfire , a gas mask and a cat , has been created to mark 50 years since Churchill 's death . Designed by Emma Blount , its main figures are St Martin and St Alban , but it includes images of Churchill touring a wartime dockyard , and on the banks of the Rhine . It also includes his coat of arms , and along its outline , images which represent aspects of his life . These include Sir Winston playing polo , the portcullis of the House of Commons , an evacuee , a tank , the V for Victory salute , painting brushes , and his profile with a cigar . The garden at Blenheim was designed by landscape architect Kim Wilkie . Located near the Temple of Diana , where Churchill proposed to his wife Clementine in 1908 , the garden consists of a winding 90-metre path dotted with milestones , to commemorate the 90 years of his life .	Two memorials to wartime prime minister Sir Winston Churchill will be unveiled later .
Lauren Filer died in a two-car collision on the A689 near Crosby in Cumbria on Sunday . Ms Filer , from Annan , Dumfries , had two daughters aged nine and four . Her mother Senga Garthwaite said : `` Lauren was a bubbly character . She would do anything for anybody and will be sadly missed by all . '' Ms Filer , who was driving a Peugeot 208 , worked as a shop assistant at a bakery in Annan . Cumbria Police have thanked those who helped in the aftermath of the crash , A spokesman said : `` We 're aware there were a large number of people in the area at the time , some of whom offered assistance to those involved in the collision whilst emergency services travelled swiftly to the scene . `` We 'd like to thank the public for their help , particularly first responders who assisted greatly . `` We continue to ask that anyone who witnessed the lead-up to the collision get in touch . ''	A 27-year-old woman killed in a car crash was a `` loving mother and daughter '' who `` lived life to the max '' , her family have said .
Lewis has had two spells with Chiefs either side of six years at Gloucester , and has played 107 top-flight games for the two clubs . However , he has only made one start for the Devon club this season . `` I 've always enjoyed the atmosphere at The Stoop and the Quins style of play is something I 've admired for a long time , '' the 27-year-old said . Manchester-born Lewis will provide additional scrum-half cover for Quins , for whom Karl Dickson is out of contract at the end of the season , and director of rugby John Kingston described him as a `` very good reader of the game '' . Exact terms for Lewis ' move to the London club have not been disclosed .	Harlequins have signed scrum-half Dave Lewis from Exeter Chiefs for the 2017-18 Premiership season .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 112.73 points to 17,716.05 . The S & P 500 index climbed 21.49 points to 2,066.66 , while the Nasdaq was 76.78 points higher at 4,920.71 . The minutes revealed that Federal Reserve members agreed with chair Janet Yellen that the Fed should `` proceed cautiously '' on interest rates . Investors had been `` somewhat concerned that there was perhaps a stronger tribe for more aggressive rate hikes and it really was n't apparent in the minutes , '' said Jack Ablin , chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank . Shares in drugs giant Pfizer rose 5 % after the company confirmed it had scrapped its planned merger with Allergan . Shares in Allergan - which had plunged nearly 15 % on Tuesday in anticipation the deal would fall through - rose 3.5 % . Shares of Halliburton rose 6 % after the company said it would fight the US Justice Department over a lawsuit to block its purchase of Baker Hughes . Baker Hughes shares rose 8.8 % .	( Closed ) : Stocks on Wall Street rose after the minutes from the Federal Reserve 's March meeting indicated a cautious approach to raising rates .
The Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) said Daud Khan and Shabana Hussain from the Kings Science Academy had been issued with summons . Last week , Sajid Raza , 42 , the school 's former principal , was charged with a number of counts of fraud . The CPS said all three would shortly appear at Leeds Magistrates ' Court . Mr Khan , 43 , the school 's former head of finance , will be charged with two offences of fraud by abuse of position and three of false accounting . Ms Hussain , 38 , a former head of department , will be charged with one offence of fraud by abuse of position and one offence of acquiring criminal property . Mr Raza of Spring Gardens Road , Bradford is accused of fraud by abuse of position , false accounting , obtaining money transfers by deception and fraud by false representation . The academy , one of England 's first free schools , opened in September 2011 . It has since become part of the Dixons academy group .	Two more former members of staff at a Bradford free school face charges over alleged financial irregularities at the establishment .
Joseph Olopo , from Colindale , died in hospital after a fight between a number of people in Heathfield Gardens , near Brent Cross Tube station , on 17 February . Jason De Sousa , 21 , of no fixed address , was found guilty of manslaughter on Tuesday . He is due to be sentenced at a later date pending reports . A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of affray was later released with no further action taken against him	A man has been found guilty of stabbing a 21-year-old man to death after a brawl near to a London Tube station .
The Reds recorded an unprecedented nine away wins as they finished fourth in National Two South last season . `` One of the measures for us as a group of players is how we win on the road and how many we win on the road , '' Churcher told BBC Radio Cornwall . `` We 've got to carry that form forward this year . '' Churcher added : `` If we finish anywhere near where we did last year that will be brilliant and that 's a really good sentiment for the club . '' He only took on the role a fortnight ago after Steven Larkins stepped down because of work commitments , but says their close relationship means taking over was not a difficult job . `` We work together day in and day out at Truro College , so the transition for me to take over is pretty easy , '' continued Churcher . `` I did a lot of the coaching last year and Steve would just oversee it , so we sung off the same hymn sheet so it was quite a natural progression and one that I 'm happy to step in and do . '' For the latest rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion on Twitter .	New Redruth head coach Marek Churcher says he will be judging whether the season is a success by how well his side do away from the Rec .
The world champions , who won the first test 55-37 in Victoria , opened up a 16-9 lead after the first quarter . England stayed in touch in the final three quarters , but could not close the margin to less than three goals . `` We 're just happy to get out here post Commonwealth Games to see where we 're at ahead of the World Cup , '' said England player Serena Guthrie . Another victory for the Australia Diamonds means they finished the 2014 season with a 100 % record . The hosts ' attacking play was too strong for England from the start , with Caitlin Bassett scoring 32 goals from 40 attempts . England were seven points behind at half-time but rallied to win the third quarter 13-10 , and close to within five points . But the Commonwealth Games gold-medal winners finished strongest to extend their winning record and take the series trophy . `` We came to within three , but unfortunately it slipped away in the final quarter , '' added Guthrie . `` But we 're really proud of the girls ' performance . '' England now turn their focus towards another Test match series in New Zealand , and the 2015 World Cup in Sydney .	Australia proved too strong for England as they clinched the two-match Test series with a 54-47 win in Canberra .
Jamial Lal , also known as Akmal Yaqub , committed the offence in April last year . The 33-year-old was found in possession of the tablets - worth up to Â£200,000 - on the northbound carriageway near Beattock . Background reports were ordered at Dumfries Sheriff Court .	A Walsall man caught in possession of 400,000 diazepam tablets on the A74 ( M ) in southern Scotland has admitted being concerned in supplying the drug .
The accident took place on the key Kabul-Kandahar highway in the Maiwand district . Women and children are among the dead and officials say that most bodies are badly burned . Accidents are common in Afghanistan which has some of the most dangerous roads in the world . One report suggested the tanker had been left on the road having been attacked by the Taliban , but it is unclear when such an attack might have taken place and if the tanker was still burning when the bus crashed into it . Last September at least 50 people were killed after a bus and a fuel tanker collided in the eastern Afghan province of Ghazni .	At least 30 people have been killed as a bus collided with an oil tanker and burst into flames in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province , officials say .
Bank stocks rose after the US Federal Reserve expressed confidence in the economy , lending hope that it would raise interest rates again soon . Higher rates help to boost banks ' profits . The Dow Jones index edged up 8 points to 20,957.90 , while the broader S & P 500 fell 3 points to 2,388.13 . The tech-heavy Nasdaq index fell 22.82 points to 6,072.55 . The Federal Reserve said on Wednesday it would not change its interest rate target this month . But it also said that a recent economic slowdown was `` transitory '' , fuelling hopes among investors for future rate rises . Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan Chase both closed up more than 0.5 % for the day . Beauty company Estee Lauder also saw shares spike more than 4 % after reporting better-than-expected quarterly results . However , shares at media groups Viacom and Time Warner slid after the latter said advertisers were taking a `` wait-and-see '' approach . Viacom is due to report quarterly results on Thursday . Shares in tech giant Apple fell 0.31 % , although it started the day down nearly 2 % after news that sales of iPhones fell in the first quarter of 2017 .	Gains in US banking shares were offset on Wednesday by declines in media stocks and Apple shares .
Sinopec will acquire a 49 % equity interest in Talisman 's UK North Sea business . Talisman 's Aberdeen-based operation has about 2,500 staff and contractors , and involves 11 North Sea installations . Talisman president John Manzoni said : `` This will provide additional resources and energy to the talented team . '' He added : `` Collectively , we will invest more in the UK than Talisman would have on its own , leading to a stronger , more sustainable business . '' Meanwhile , China 's state oil company is poised to become the new owner of the major Buzzard oil field in the North Sea . CNOOC is set to spend nearly £10bn to buy Nexen , the Canadian company that owns the Buzzard oil field .	The oil company Talisman is to sell a stake in almost half of its North Sea operation to Chinese energy firm Sinopec for $ 1.5bn ( £968m ) .
In the last two seasons the 26-year-old has played in teams that have gone down from the division , and the left-back is keen to avoid an unwanted hat-trick . `` I do n't want to do it [ relegation ] any more - it 's not fun , hopefully I do n't do it any more , '' he told BBC Sport . `` Everyone wants to do well for the manager . Everyone 's working hard so I honestly think we 'll be all right . '' With four games remaining this season , the Devon side are 22nd , two points from safety . Rowe-Turner is in his second spell with the Gulls , having played in their League Two play-off final defeat during his previous stint in 2011 . `` I was here for a good two-and-a-half years before , so it does mean a lot to get the club to stay in this league , '' he added . `` It has been difficult to be fair , there 's been a lot going on but you 've just got to get on with it really . `` There 's more motivation when things are being put against you - it makes you want to work harder and prove them wrong . '' Meanwhile , Torquay have recalled centre-back Ben Gerring from his loan with Truro City .	Defender Lathaniel Rowe-Turner says he is confident Torquay United will evade relegation from the National League .
It was a close contest between the Conservative and Labour 's George Adamson . Mr Ellis polled exactly 75,000 votes following a second round of counting , with Mr Adamson , the leader of Cannock Chase Council , achieving 66,513 . Mr Ellis said he would put `` all the resources into frontline policing we can . '' Three other candidates were eliminated after the first round of counting ; UKIP 's Harold Gregory came third , with 27,550 votes , Independent Natalie Devaney polled fourth with 22,155 and the Green Party 's Paul Woodhead was fifth with 6,527 . Turnout was up to 21.57 % , up from 11 % four years ago - then the lowest in the country . Candidates are listed alphabetically by surname . BBC News App users : tap here to see the results . More information is available on the Choose my PCC website .	Matthew Ellis has been elected Staffordshire 's Police and Crime Commissioner for a second term .
Boston Dynamics , known for its robots such as Atlas and BigDog , has struggled to commercialise its inventions and was put up for sale more than a year ago . Softbank also announced it is buying robotics group Schaft . The terms of the deals were not disclosed . Softbank shares rose by more than 7 % in Tokyo . Softbank began as a Japanese telecoms company but moved into robotics and developed the human-like Pepper in 2014 . Founder Masayoshi Son has since built the Japanese firm into a massive technology conglomerate through some big deals . They range from buying UK chip firm ARM Holdings for Â£24bn ( $ 32bn ) , investing $ 1bn in satellite startup OneWeb , to setting up a venture fund with Saudi Arabia . Mr Son is known to have an eye for potentially transformative industries and trends . He was an early investor in Alibaba and saw the potential in e-commerce many others did .	Shares of Japan 's Softbank have surged to their highest in nearly two decades after the firm bought robot-maker Boston Dynamics from Google 's Alphabet .
Exxon Mobil ended down 1.6 % , adding to losses struck last week after it reported second quarter earnings halved . Chevron shares lost 3.3 % , also extending last week 's losses by 2.2 % . The Dow Jones fell 0.5 % to 17,598 points . The S & P 500 was down 0.3 % to 2,098 points , while the tech-heavy Nasdaq also shed 0.3 % to 5,115 . Oil fell to the lowest level since March as traders worried about signs of weak demand and increasing supplies . Brent slid 4.7 % to $ 49.74 a barrel and US crude fell 3.8 % to $ 45.34 a barrel . `` The slowdown in China feeding into a slowdown in Asia , and the question becomes how much of that is feeding into the US ? '' said Quincy Krosby of Prudential Financial in Newark , New Jersey . However , she added : `` We 've started to see more positive data out of Europe despite the Greek situation . '' Semiconductor maker AMD was the big riser on Monday , jumping 13.5 % to $ 2.19 .	( Close ) : US markets fell on Monday as energy companies slid along with the price of crude oil .
Bristol Arena , a 12,000-seat music venue , will be located at the Temple Quarter Enterprise Zone . The arena is part of the city 's plan to regenerate about 70 hectares ( 170 acres ) surrounding Bristol Temple Meads station and is due to open in 2017 . The bidders have until 1 September to submit their applications to Bristol City Council . They must outline how they would run the facility and the amount they would pay as an annual lease to the council . The authority will select a preferred and reserved bidder in October , with the contract running for at least 25 years . The winning bidder will be involved in the design of the arena and in charge of operating , maintaining and managing it for the duration of the lease . West of England Local Enterprise Partnership ( LEP ) will contribute £53m towards the cost of building the arena , with the remaining £38m funded by Bristol City Council . The Homes and Communities Agency ( HCA ) is also investing £11m in regenerating and improving access to the site .	Three companies wanting to run a £91m entertainment arena in Bristol are being asked to bid for a 25-year lease .
Pictures of violent protests near South Africa 's capital , Pretoria , prompted by anger at the ANC 's choice of a mayoral candidate .	Photographs courtesy AFP , AP , Eyewitness News and Reuters
Alastair Hamilton made his comments in an article for the Huffington Post which was published in the US last week . He wrote : `` Clearly Brexit will pose challenges for all of UK and Europe , but it is high time people 's opinion of Northern Ireland was based on facts and not fiction . '' Mr Hamilton stated Northern Ireland is `` thriving '' and June 's referendum has not `` stopped the flow '' of foreign direct investment . However he conceded : `` We acknowledge what happens in the coming months and years remains to be seen . ''	The head of Invest NI has hit back at `` pundits pedalling an image of a Northern Ireland on the brink of economic calamity . ''
A shock looked to be on the cards when Michael McMullin fired in an excellent free-kick after 51 minutes . Kevin Smith capitalised on some sloppy defending to restore parity two minutes later for the side who already had the title sewn up . The home side 's late pressure did not yield a winner and Shire can take confidence ahead of their play-off . They will need to defeat Edinburgh City over two legs to retain their place in the Scottish Professional Football League after the Lowland League champions defeated Highland League winners Cove Rangers 4-1 on aggregate .	Scottish League Two champions East Fife were held to a surprise draw at home by bottom side East Stirlingshire .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 27 April 2015 Last updated at 07:56 BST At least 3,300 people have been confirmed killed in the country 's worst earthquake in more than 80 years . The quake had a magnitude of 7.8 and tremors were felt in nearby Pakistan , Bangladesh and India . Many countries and charities from around the world have offered help to Nepal to deal with the disaster . Cities of tents have popped up in Nepal 's capital city Kathmandu . People who are too afraid to return to their homes , or have nowhere to go , are being sheltered there . `` We do n't have a choice , our house is shaky , '' said shopkeeper Rabi Shrestha in an interview with AFP news agency . Rescue helicopters are heading out to Mount Everest to help 210 stranded climbers down .	The search is still on for survivors after a massive earthquake hit the country of Nepal in South Asia on Saturday .
The United States defender , 20 , was part of the New York side that finished top of the regular-season standings in Major League Soccer last year . His arrival follows that of Brazil striker Alexandre Pato , who has signed on loan for the rest of the season . Miazga , a centre-half , said Chelsea was `` the place to develop and learn from some of the best players in the world '' . He made 34 league appearances across three seasons with New York , with his solitary goal for the club coming in a derby victory over New York City FC last May . New Jersey-born Miazga has made one international appearance , against St Vincent and the Grenadines in a World Cup qualifier in November .	Chelsea have confirmed the signing of Matt Miazga from New York Red Bulls on a four-and-a-half-year contract .
The man who died was Barry Bell from the Belvoir area of Belfast . The accident , which also involved a car , happened on the Crossgar Road just after 17:30 GMT on Saturday . Police appealed for anyone who witnessed the accident to contact them .	A 28-year-old motorcyclist has died in hospital from his injuries after a two-vehicle crash in Saintfield , County Down .
Marian Brown , 17 , was killed and several other people were injured in the incident in west Belfast . Michael McGuigan , then 19 , was a student and part-time bar man . He was walking along Roden Street in the city with his girlfriend and a colleague when the shooting started . He told an inquest on Tuesday that he remembered lying on the ground and seeing bullets peppering the street around him . His two friends were wounded and he saw the silhouettes of men with guns - who he believed were soldiers - running in a line down the street . Later , when he tried to get into the ambulance with his two friends , a soldier with a rifle stopped him . Mr McGuigan said the soldier sounded apologetic when he told him : `` We thought you were shooting at us '' . The inquest continues .	A man who survived a gun attack that claimed the life of a pregnant teenager in 1972 says a soldier told him at the scene that the Army thought he had shot at them .
Caton-Brown , 22 , will undergo surgery following a tackle by Huddersfield 's Danny Brough in Monday 's 26-24 win . The tackle was cited , but after viewing the incident , the RFL decided not to take any action towards Brough . `` We 're not happy about it . We 've asked the RFL to look at the incident . They have come back telling us it 's legal , '' head coach Ian Watson said . `` From our point of view , we 're really disappointed with what they 've come back with as we 've lost a good player . '' Caton-Brown was making his first appearance of the season for Salford since coming back from injury , but now faces another lengthy spell out . `` He has only just come back from an injury , he 's been out for a long time , '' Watson told BBC Radio Manchester , `` He 's a really nice kid and in your first game back to go down like that when you 're playing so well is a big loss . '' Salford moved up to seventh in Super League following Monday 's win , which was marred when fighting broke out among a section of Salford fans at full-time .	Salford Red Devils winger Mason Caton-Brown will be out for up to 12 weeks with a serious leg injury .
Powys council has received £11.8m from the Welsh Government for the new buildings in the Gwernyfed area . The new schools will replace current ones in Hay-on-Wye , Talgarth , Clyro , Llyswen and Llangorse . Arwel Jones , the council 's Cabinet Member for Schools , said it would `` provide state-of-the-art teaching accommodation '' . The total project cost of the five schools is £23.8m . The Welsh Government funding towards this cost has been awarded as part of the 21st Century schools programme .	Funding of nearly £12m for five new primary schools in Powys has been approved .
Ian Wilcox , from Bolton , was involved in a crash between a BMW 530 and a Chevrolet Matiz in Tonge Moor Road in the town in the early hours of Monday . Mr Wilcox , who was travelling in the Chevrolet , was taken to hospital where he died . Paying tribute , his wife Cathryn said he was an `` amazing '' husband and father . She said : `` Our world fell apart yesterday . `` Ian , who loved football , live music , beer and the group Queen , leaves a void that can never be filled . '' A man and a woman , both aged 34 , have been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving and causing death by dangerous driving . Police are continuing to urge witnesses to come forward , particularly anyone with dashcam footage .	A 42-year-old man who was killed in a crash involving two cars was `` amazing '' and `` leaves a void that can never be filled '' , his wife has said .
A bronze plaque was unveiled at Maesteg Hospital on Saturday following a march through the centre of the town in Bridgend county by former pitmen . The hospital , built in 1914 , was originally run by the Red Cross and cared for injured soldiers as they returned from World War One . It still provides healthcare today . Staff past and present joined patients and the community for the unveiling of the plaque in Market Square . It was paid for by the hospital 's League of Friends which wanted to mark the contribution made by the mining community . The League of Friends also funded a second , replica plaque for the foyer of the hospital . There was music from Cor Meibion Maesteg a ' r Cylch , Maesteg Children 's Choir and the Curtain Up Youth Theatre and former miner Ian Isaac will share the story behind the hospital and plaque .	The history of a hospital which was built thanks to thousands of miners donating a penny a week has been celebrated .
Calside Primary , which has a school roll of about 170 , shut on Thursday . Dumfries and Galloway Council said pupils and staff had been struck down by an illness with `` symptoms similar to gastroenteritis '' . Public Health Consultant Dr Nigel Calvert said such bugs could be highly infectious . He said anyone with symptoms should stay away from school or their workplace until they were fully recovered . `` The standard public health is 48 hours after the last episode of either diarrhoea or vomiting , '' he said . `` So we would certainly encourage parents if their children have been sick or had diarrhoea over the weekend to keep them off school until they 've had that clear 48 hours . `` It is very infectious and we want to try to avoid passing it to any other children . ''	A Dumfries primary school has reopened after a sickness bug among a `` high number '' of pupils and staff forced its closure .
Four engines were called out to the incident in the Crossmichael area shortly after 09:00 . The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was dealing with what it described as a `` well-developed '' fire . All the occupants of the building had left the property by the time crews arrived on the scene and there have been no injuries reported .	About 20 firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a farmhouse in the south of Scotland .
Merseyside Police said the crash took place in Fountains Road in the Kirkdale area of Liverpool at about 20:30 BST on Monday following a `` brief pursuit '' . The 17-year-old was taken to hospital suffering from a head injury . Police said they referred the incident to the Independent Police Complaints Commission as `` standard practice '' . A spokesman said : `` An officer on patrol in the Fountains Road area was involved in a brief foot pursuit of a male riding a pedal cycle . `` The pedal cycle was ridden on to Fountains Road where it was involved in a collision with a taxi . '' The taxi driver stayed at the scene and assisted police with their inquiries .	A teenage cyclist being pursued on foot by a police officer is in a `` serious but stable '' condition in hospital after he was in collision with a taxi .
The Division Two fixture has been moved due to a waterlogged pitch at Owenbeg . Derry were relegated from Division One last season and will be hoping for a strong league run under new manager Damian Barton , whose side lost Saturday 's McKenna Cup final to Tyrone . Fermanagh were promoted from Division Three last year and went on to reach the All-Ireland SFC quarter-finals .	Derry 's opening Football League game against Fermanagh on Sunday has been switched to Celtic Park ( 14:15 GMT ) .
Francis Matthew , editor-at-large of Gulf News , was arrested after his wife Jane Matthew , 62 , died on 4 July . The Government of Dubai 's media office said preliminary investigations showed she died from a blow to the head with a solid object . The Foreign Office said support is being provided to Mrs Matthew 's family . `` We are also providing support to a British national detained in Dubai , '' a spokesman added . The media office said on Twitter that Mr Matthew had told police he assaulted his wife and threw a hammer at her , without intending to kill her . Abdul Hamid Ahmad , editor-in-chief of Gulf News , said in a statement : `` We are shocked and saddened at this tragedy . `` Francis was editor of the paper from 1995-2005 . `` He is a well-respected journalist , known for his keen insight into the Middle East . He was holding the position of editor-at-large at the time of the incident . `` Both Francis and Jane have played a very active role in the British expatriate community over the past 30 years . '' Investigations by Dubai police are continuing .	A British journalist at a newspaper in Dubai has been charged with murdering his wife , the emirate 's government says .
The storm has led to power cuts in more than 60,000 homes , French TV reports . Cyclone Dumile is sweeping southwards between Reunion and Madagascar . Winds are reaching 180 km/h ( 112mph ) . Reunion 's air traffic and shipping are at a standstill . So far there are no reports of serious injuries , but some roads have been flooded . The storm is expected to intensify on Reunion later on Thursday , though the eye of it is forecast to remain offshore .	An Indian Ocean cyclone is lashing the French island of Reunion , where residents have been told to stay indoors amid torrential rain .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 19 November 2014 Last updated at 16:38 GMT The announcement comes the day after former Foreign Minister Michel Kafando was sworn in as interim president , and nearly three weeks after mass protests forced President Blaise Compaore to resign . Follow Burkina Faso 's rapid transition - in 60 seconds . Video produced by Baya Cat	The authorities in Burkina Faso have appointed an army officer , Lt Col Isaac Zida , as transitional prime minister .
28 January 2016 Last updated at 19:09 GMT In response to claims that the MoD could not resource legacy cases , Lord Justice Weir said the MoD was not short of money as it was fighting wars across the world . The judge was examining a case of an alleged shoot to kill policy - and also the shooting dead of a father of six by a covert army unit in the early 1970s . Ita Dungan was in court .	A senior judge has criticised the Ministry of Defence 's inability to get the wheels of justice moving in relation to several historical inquests .
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski , of Pembroke Dock , appeared for sentence at the Pembrokeshire court on Wednesday after pleading guilty to sexual assault . He was airlifted to Swansea 's Morriston Hospital where he was recovering . On Friday at the court , he was charged with having a bladed article in his possession . He did not enter a plea and was remanded in custody . He will appear at Swansea Crown Court on 10 February . He was also remanded for sentencing on the sexual assault charge .	A defendant who cut his own throat at Haverfordwest Magistrates ' Court has appeared back in the dock .
Last season 's beaten finalists Aberdeen will be away to Motherwell when the ties are played next month . Partick Thistle will host Glasgow neighbours Rangers in the third all-Premiership tie . And Livingston , who are the only Championship side in the last eight , will visit Hibernian with the matches played on 19 , 20 and 21 September . Celtic and Hibs both recorded 5-0 home wins in Tuesday 's second-round ties , beating Kilmarnock and Ayr United respectively , while Partick Thistle won 3-0 away to St Johnstone and Livingston beat Falkirk 2-1 after extra-time . Then , on Wednesday , Rangers recorded the biggest win of the round with a 6-0 rout of Dunfermline Athletic at Ibrox . Dundee beat city rivals Dundee United 2-1 at Dens Park and Aberdeen were 1-0 winners away to Hamilton Academical . The final tie to be decided was Ross County 's home meeting with Motherwell , the visitors edging it 3-2 after extra-time . Scottish League Cup quarter-final draw : Hibernian v Livingston Motherwell v Aberdeen Dundee v Celtic Partick Thistle v Rangers Ties to be played on 19/20/21 September	Holders Celtic will meet Dundee at Dens Park in the quarter-finals of the Scottish League Cup .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 29 October 2013 Last updated at 06:54 GMT One person who 'd like to see this change is Ruben . Ruben swims for Great Britain , loves to DJ for his mates and also has Down 's Syndrome . The genetic condition means he has learning difficulties and looks a bit different to some of his friends . In his report he meets Seb , a boy who has modelled clothes for Marks and Spencer .	Around 750 babies in the UK are born with Down 's syndrome every year , but it 's still unusual to see someone with the condition on TV or in adverts .
Argyle 's Under 18s team and their side in the South West Peninsula League will play their home games at the facility . The club 's youth team will also train there after a two-year deal was agreed . `` We are delighted to have finalised matters with Torquay United and both parties very much look forward to our joint venture , '' said Argyle chief executive Martyn Starnes . Torquay have been looking for extra ways to increase their income after a takeover was completed by a consortium of local businessmen last month . As part of cost-cutting measures , the Gulls closed their academy so had surplus space at Seale Hayne . `` In an ideal world , all our teams would train and play in and around Plymouth - the city they represent . That is our long-term ambition , '' Starnes added . `` Frustratingly , at the moment , this is not feasible ; there is a dearth of facilities in and around Plymouth and we have experienced real problems trying to find training pitches to the standard our academy needs to help them develop our young players . ''	Plymouth Argyle have agreed a deal to share Torquay United 's Seale Hayne training ground in Newton Abbot .
Officers said they were investigating the `` suspicious incident '' . It took place at about 18:30 on Saturday in Bremner Drive . Sgt Scott Brander said : `` At this time there is nothing to suggest that anything untoward has happened , however we would like to trace the driver of the car to establish the exact circumstances . `` Anyone with information should contact Police on 101 . ''	Police have appealed for information after two girls were approached by a man in a black saloon car in Elgin .
The Portuguese manager took charge of the club in 2013 for the second time . Last season Chelsea finished as Premier League champions and also won the League Cup . But had a bad start to their defence , losing nine of their 16 league games so far this season . Mourinho 's final match was Monday 's 2-1 defeat at leaders Leicester City . Pep Guardiola , Guus Hiddink , Brendan Rodgers and Juande Ramos have all been rumoured to be in the running to take over at the club .	Chelsea have sacked Jose Mourinho seven months after he led them to the Premier League title .
The incident happened at Ysgol yr Hendre on Friday at 15:45 BST . The Welsh Ambulance Service said the child 's injuries were not thought to be life threatening . She is being treated at Bangor 's Ysbyty Gwynedd .	A girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus outside a school in Caernarfon .
The match at Hampden Park on 21 May was disrupted when fans invaded the pitch after Hibernian 's 3-2 win over Rangers . Hibs supporters flooded the pitch and some Rangers fans also made it past stewards before mounted police officers restored order . A total of 81 people have been arrested as part on the ongoing investigation . A police statement said : `` Anyone with information about the identities of the persons pictured is asked to contact the incident room at Govan Police Office , Greater Glasgow CID on 0141 532 5457 or the dedicated mailbox address . `` Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted on 0800 555111 , where anonymity can be maintained . '' The Scottish Football Association has said neither club will face punishment for the crowd trouble , in line with the governing body 's disciplinary rules . An independent report commissioned by the SFA said the Scottish government should consider making it a criminal offence to run on to a football pitch .	Police have released images of 14 more people they want to trace in connection with the disorder and violence at the end of the Scottish Cup Final .
The upswing follows two years of falling sales at the Italian brand . The improved performance , which helped boost French owner Kering 's full-year results , is being attributed to the appointment of a new designer . Across the year as a whole Kering 's net profits rose by nearly 32 % to 696m euros ( 3540m ) compared to 2014 . Sales were up by 4.6 % . to 11.6bn euros ( Â£9bn ) Last year , Gucci took on Alessandro Michele as its new creative director and the first collection fully designed by him has been on sale since autumn . In a statement the company said the `` brand 's new creative vision '' had been well-received and provided `` fresh impetus . '' Kering 's other brands also reported leaps in sales . Yves Saint Laurent 's like for like sales were up by 27.4 % in the last three months of the year , and Puma 's rose by 11.7 % . `` Gucci has come in with a significant number of new styles that are starting to turn heads , '' according to Luca Solca , an analyst with Exane BNP Paribas .	The luxury fashion brand Gucci saw a better-than-expected a 5 % rise in sales for the final three months of 2015 .
The hull of Shell 's Prelude was floated in South Korea . When fully built , Prelude will be the largest floating facility ever created , weighing more than 600,000 tonnes . It would be used to help in the production of natural gas from 2017 , Shell said , and would operate for 25 years off Australia 's north-west coast . The area has a yearly cyclone season from November to April , but Prelude has been designed to withstand such conditions . It is hoped the facility will be able to produce enough gas to power a city the size of Hong Kong . Despite appearances , Prelude can not strictly be described as a ship as it needs to be towed to its destination rather than travelling under its own power . Shell has not disclosed how much the vessel will cost , but industry analysts told Reuters that it would be likely to command a price of between $ 10.8bn and $ 12.6bn ( Â£6.6bn - Â£7.7bn ) . Not content with Prelude 's record-breaking size , Shell said it had already started work on an even bigger facility .	A floating vessel that is longer than the Empire State Building is high has taken to the water for the first time .
Lilly-May Page died after collapsing from an undiagnosed heart condition near Willow Bank School in Woodley , Berkshire , in 2014 . A paramedic decided not to use a defibrillator on the girl . Cardiologist Dr Edmund Ladusans said she would have survived if she had been shocked . Paramedic Shannon Jacobs , who was trained at Oxford Brookes University , said she was taught that shocking a patient with fine ventricular fibrillation , a condition where the heart quivers , `` could do more harm than good '' . Ms Jacobs has previously said her training was `` inadequate '' . Dr Ladusans said evidence of electrical activity picked up by a heart monitor should have resulted in a shock as there `` was nothing to lose '' . He added that text books differentiating between coarse and fine ventricular fibrillation caused confusion and needed to be clarified . When asked by coroner Pete Bedford if Lilly-May would have survived if she had been shocked , Dr Ladusans replied `` yes '' . The hearing has been adjourned .	A five-year-old girl who collapsed outside her school in 2014 could have been saved if she had been shocked with a defibrillator , an inquest has heard .
Natalie Hemming , 31 , was last seen alive in Hemel Hempstead , Hertfordshire on 1 May . She was found dead on 22 May . Paul Hemming , 42 , pleaded not guilty to murder , alleged to have taken place between 30 April and 4 May , when he appeared via video link at Luton Crown Court . He is due to stand trial in October . Mr Hemming , of Alderney Avenue , Newton Leys , was remanded in custody . Ms Hemming 's body was found in a wood at Chandlers Cross , 30 miles from their home , on 22 May .	The partner of a mother-of-three , whose body was found in woodland three weeks after she went missing , has denied her murder .
The high winds exceed berthing limits in Channel Island ports . Condor Rapide has rescheduled services for those attending the rugby Junior Siam Cup . Condor Ferries said affected passengers were being contacted . The Condor Liberation struck the quayside at St Peter Port in windy conditions last month . Capt Fran Collins , from Condor Ferries , said : `` Unfortunately , the weather has disrupted sailings to the Channel Islands but I 'm pleased to say that we have rerouted Condor Rapide to maintain capacity for those competing and watching the Junior Siam Cup . '' The new Â£50m ferry serving Poole from the Channel Islands was disrupted earlier this month due to a fault with one of its engines . The cancelled services are : 03:00 BST Poole to Guernsey 06:30 BST Guernsey to Jersey 08:30 BST Jersey to Guernsey 10:00 BST Guernsey to Poole 14:00 BST Poole to Guernsey 17:30 BST Guernsey to Jersey 19:30 BST Jersey to Guernsey 21:00 BST Guernsey to Poole	High winds have forced the cancellation of Condor Liberation 's sailings between the UK and the Channel Islands .
The 21-year-old spent last term with Morton , making 40 appearances for the Championship club and scoring three goals . Lindsay was also loaned out in the previous campaign , playing regularly for Dumbarton . `` Jamie is a young exciting talent who had a fantastic season on loan at Morton last year , '' said County manager Jim McIntyre . He has joined the Staggies ' squad at their Spanish training camp , with the Dingwall club kicking off the new season at home to Alloa in the League Cup on 15 July . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Ross County have signed Celtic defender Jamie Lindsay on a season-long loan .
The local authority expects to accommodate between 25 and 30 families as part of the UK Refugee Resettlement Programme . The first of these families are due to arrive in the region early next year . Highland Council has made an appeal to private landlords and people who own vacant properties to come forward with offers of housing . Council leader Margaret Davidson said : `` We are keen to hear from people who have property available and could assist us in housing refugees when they arrive in the Highlands . `` Ideally we are interested in property that is available for longer-term rentals . `` We will have to match up available housing with other essential services , so we might not be able to use every property offered , but we would be pleased to hear from you . ''	Highland Council has appealed for help from the public to house Syrian refugees .
The assault took place at dawn during a military vehicle patrol in the town of Tinzaouatine , near the border with Mali , local media reported . The attackers also stole weapons and communication devices , and set the vehicles alight , the source said . It is the most deadly attack so far this year in Algeria . Armed Islamic groups in Algeria have linked themselves to al-Qaida to stage bombings and other attacks . Algeria was riven with violence after the 1992 general election , won by an Islamist party , was annulled . More than 150,000 people died , but an amnesty in 1999 led many rebels to lay down their arms . Political violence in Algeria has declined since then , but Islamic groups continue to carry out sporadic attacks .	Suspected Islamic militants have killed 11 Algerian paramilitary police in an ambush in the Sahara desert , a security source has said .
The girl was walking with friends along a grass verge at the side of Bullerthorpe Lane , Colton , near Leeds , on Monday when she was involved in a collision with a blue Ford Focus . The teenager , from Rothwell , was taken to hospital with serious injuries but later died , West Yorkshire Police said . The force has appealed for witnesses to the collision to come forward . No arrests have been made .	A 14-year-old girl has died in hospital two days after she was hit by a car .
Mr Moise polled 55.67 % , well ahead of his closest rival Jude Celestin 's 19.52 % , provisional electoral council chief Uder Antoine said . Jean-Charles Moise secured 11.04 % and Maryse Narcisse 8.99 % , he added . The election was held on 20 November , more than a year after the previous poll was annulled following allegations of widespread fraud . That vote , in October 2015 , was won by Mr Moise but opposition challenger Mr Celestin called foul and , after violent unrest , the ballot was annulled . Violent clashes have also marked the wait for results since the latest election . Interim leader Jocelerme Privert appealed for calm ahead of the announcement . `` Resorting to acts of violence can only spoil the fruits of the beautiful day we had on 20 November , '' he said . Mr Privert was appointed by parliament in February after the incumbent President , Michel Martelly , stepped down at the end of his term . Mr Moise was President Martelly 's chosen successor . Haiti has been blighted by political instability and poverty for decades and is still struggling to recover from a devastating earthquake in 2010 . Tens of thousands of people still live in temporary shelter while cholera has caused nearly 10,000 deaths .	Businessman Jovenel Moise has won Haiti 's presidential election in the first round , preliminary results show .
A spokesman for the couple , who married earlier this year , said they were `` delighted to announce the arrival of their beautiful son '' . It comes after Cumberbatch , 38 , was named a CBE in the Queen 's Birthday Honours List for services to the performing arts and charity . He was among recipients to be leaked ahead of the official announcement . The Sherlock star and his theatre director wife met when they appeared together in the 2009 film Burlesque Fairytales . They have kept their relationship away from the glare of the media and were rarely seen photographed together before their engagement , which was announced with a notice in the Times newspaper . The couple married in a private ceremony with family and close friends on the Isle of Wight on Valentine 's Day this year . The spokesman added : `` We would kindly ask everyone to respect the family 's privacy during these next few precious weeks . ''	Actor Benedict Cumberbatch and his wife Sophie Hunter have become parents to a baby boy .
The Sinn FÃ©in MLA 's resignation will take effect from 17:00 GMT . He cited the Democratic Unionist Party 's ( DUP ) conduct over the scandal surrounding the Renewable Heat Incentive ( RHI ) scheme as the reason . He said First Minister Arlene Foster has a `` clear conflict of interest '' in the scandal . This breaking news story is being updated and more details will be published shortly . Please refresh the page for the fullest version . If you want to receive Breaking News alerts via email , or on a smartphone or tablet via the BBC News App then details on how to do so are available on this help page . You can also follow @ BBCBreaking on Twitter to get the latest alerts .	Martin McGuinness has said he will resign as Northern Ireland 's deputy first minister in protest against the handling of a botched heating scheme .
The year-long celebration of Wales ' past will promote the nation 's heritage and culture with events covering everything from food to sport . Tourism body Visit Wales has already approved Â£1.2m for 35 projects as part of the project . Now , Matthews and Rheon have thrown their weight behind the campaign . Born in Carmarthen and raised in Cardiff , Rheon shot to fame in smash hit TV show Game of Thrones . `` I 'm really excited to be a part of this project , I was so lucky to have Wales ' stories , history and culture as part of my upbringing , '' he said . `` I 'm looking forward to sharing Wales ' epic story . '' Former Catatonia front-woman , Matthews , said she too was excited by the idea of sharing Wales ' rich history and culture with the world . `` Wales ' myths and legends have been huge inspiration for creativity from music , art to literature , '' she said .	Singer Cerys Matthews and Game of Thrones actor Iwan Rheon have been named ambassadors of Wales ' 2017 Year of Legends .
The 34-year-old was a free agent following his departure from National League side Forest Green Rovers . The former Hull and Preston frontman spent 18 months at Cardiff , where he scored two goals in 15 appearances before leaving in 2012 . `` Returning to the Football League was a big bonus for me , '' he told Newport 's website . `` I wanted at least another season at this level to challenge myself and hopefully I can score plenty of goals for the team . `` Straight after speaking with Warren [ Feeney , Newport 's manager ] I was interested in signing here and I 'm glad that we have managed to get everything signed and over the line . ''	Newport County have signed former Cardiff City striker Jon Parkin on a one-year contract .
The 22-year-old will compete in the cross country event on 21 August . The Scottish rider won silver at last year 's European Under-23 Championships and bronze at the World Championships in Andorra . Ferguson 's selection , which follows the initial squad announcement last month , takes the number of British riders competing in Rio to 27 .	Mountain biker Grant Ferguson has been added to the Team GB cycling squad for this summer 's Rio Olympics .
The incident happened as some 60 workers were changing rail tracks on the line between Calais , France , and Folkestone , UK . A welder was taken ill in the early hours of Sunday and carbon monoxide poisoning was later diagnosed . Tunnel traffic was unaffected . Eighteen other workers have also been taken ill . They were sent to local French hospitals to give them `` the time needed to remove the carbon monoxide from their system '' , an official said , adding their condition was not a cause for concern . The 41 other workers went home . An investigation has been launched into the cause of the incident .	Nineteen workers have suffered carbon monoxide poisoning while working overnight in the Channel Tunnel , with one of them in a serious condition , French officials have said .
It was discovered by dog walkers near to Hyrstlands Park , off Track Road , Batley at around 09:40 BST on Monday . West Yorkshire Police said the contents had been confirmed as that of a fully grown human placenta . The force said its main concern was to ensure the woman and child were well and had received medical help and support . Det Sgt Adrian Belle said : `` We are keen to speak to anyone who can explain how the placenta came to be in this location . `` We do know the placenta was from a baby which had progressed to full term and are of course anxious to trace both the mother and the child to check on their welfare . ''	A woman who may have recently given birth is being sought by police after a human placenta was found in a bag .
One of the migrants , Meet Singh Kapoor , died in the overnight crossing from Belgium to Tilbury Docks last August . Taha Sharif , 38 , of High Cross Road , Tottenham , was convicted following a seven-week trial at Basildon Crown Court . The jury is yet to reach a verdict on three other defendants , who are all from Northern Ireland . Stephen McLaughlin , 34 , of Limavady , Londonderry ; Timothy Murphy 33 , of Elmgrove , Londonderry ; and Martin McGlinchey , 47 , of Derryloughan Road , Coalisland , County Tyrone , deny conspiracy to facilitate illegal entry into the UK . The container was discovered on 16 August last year when docks staff heard `` screaming and banging '' coming from inside , Essex Police said . The group of Afghan Sikh migrants , which included 15 children , is believed to have fled Afghanistan after suffering persecution .	A man has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle 35 Afghan Sikhs into the UK in a shipping container .
26 March 2014 Last updated at 18:54 GMT This year marks the 100th anniversary of the beginning of World War I and also sees our last combat soldiers leave Afghanistan . As they head home , Newsround meets today 's frontline families to find out how they have been changed by war . We hear from the children who have had to deal with all kinds of issues and the cameras are there to see the emotional homecoming of the 617 Squadron as they reunite with their families .	In the latest Newsround Special Frontline Families , we look at the impact war can have on military families .
The 22-year-old has signed a three-year deal with the Wiltshire club . He helped Forest Green Rovers clinch promotion last term with 16 National League appearances in a half-season loan deal , and Rovers were interested in signing him on a permanent basis . `` I got a promotion last year and I came here to get another one , '' Woolery told Swindon 's club website . The former Notts County loanee made one league appearance for the Latics after signing on a free transfer from Bolton in 2016 . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Swindon Town have signed Wigan Athletic forward Kaiyne Woolery for £350,000 .
The Colorado Rockies shortstop , a four-time All-Star player who earns $ 22m ( £15.7m ) a year , has been placed on paid leave while he faces criminal proceedings . Reyes , 32 , who was arrested at a Hawaii resort in October following an argument with his wife , has pleaded not guilty to an abuse charge . His trial is due to start on 4 April . The date coincides with the start of the new MLB season , when the Rockies play at Arizona . The new policy was agreed in August following a number of high-profile domestic violence cases in a number of US sports , including baseball , American football and basketball .	Jose Reyes has become the first player to be suspended under new Major League Baseball rules brought in to address domestic violence issues .
A temporary closure notice for the production areas of South Eastern Burry Inlet cockle bed has been issued . Swansea council 's decision follows advice from the Food Standards Agency Wales and the Centre for Environment Fisheries and Aqua Science . The council said beaches remained open and waters were safe to bathe in . Council food and safety officer Ann Rodway said : `` We would all like to see the bed re-open as soon as possible . In the meantime , our priority must be to protect public health . `` There is no health risk to beach users , but they must not collect or eat cockles . ''	A Swansea cockle bed has been closed due to concerns about `` higher than normal '' levels of E. coli found in shellfish samples .
Tigers boss Steve Bruce said McGregor , 34 , had not recovered from the back injury that forced him out of the Championship play-offs . The manager 's son Alex , 31 , has injured his Achilles and will also miss the start of the Premier League season . Bruce said the two players are `` distraught at the moment . '' `` They 're severe injuries and you do n't want that at this particular time , '' said Bruce Sr. `` Surgery was always going to be the last resort with Allan because it 's a horrible , complex operation . ''	Hull City defender Alex Bruce and goalkeeper Allan McGregor have been ruled out for between four and six months with `` severe injuries '' .
Eric Garcetti recorded an R & B-style number , complete with music video , in an attempt to soften the news that the 101 freeway will shut for 40 hours . As factual as it is funky , depending on your tastes , the song contains lots of useful information about the closure . The freeway is being closed while the city demolishes the 6th Street Bridge . Backed by the local Theodore Roosevelt High School Jazz Band , Mr Garcetti sings : `` See we 're bringing down the 6th Street Bridge , making way for something new and the demolition will cause delays . `` But sometimes , just sometimes , you have to get your hands dirty to build something beautiful . `` So on Friday night the 101 Freeway east of downtown will take a break for 40 hours of R & R ... and R & B . '' The music was an original score written and performed by the band , according to the LA Times . The 84-year-old 6th Street Bridge is being torn down because of deterioration in the concrete , the Times said . The work is expected to take nine months and a replacement bridge is planned for completion in late 2019 .	The mayor of Los Angeles has come up with novel way of warning residents about a major traffic closure this weekend : singing a slow jam .
The Port Adelaide Power spectator aimed the banana at Adelaide Crows ' Eddie Betts after he celebrated scoring a goal in the game at Adelaide 's Oval . Port Adelaide have banned her `` indefinitely '' after deciding her actions breached their code of conduct . `` It is clear that the offender 's behaviour was racially motivated , '' said a club statement . Footage on social media appeared to show the fan pick up the banana and throw it in the direction of Betts , before his team-mate Josh Jenkins intercepted it . The woman will be invited to take part in Power 's Aboriginal cultural awareness programmes , the club said . The statement added that as part of this programme , `` the club 's seven Aboriginal players would educate her on cultural issues that continue to have an impact on the Aboriginal community today and the hurt which actions such as hers cause others . '' A Crows statement from chief executive Andrew Fagan said : `` There is no place in our game or society for such abhorrent behaviour . ''	A female fan filmed throwing a banana at an Aboriginal Australian rules player has been banned by her club .
Duggan , 19 , who can play in defence or midfield , played more than 45 games for non-league sides Marine and Trafford during loan spells last season . Goalkeeper Pilling , 18 , made his Wales Under-19 debut last season , but is yet to feature in Tranmere 's first team . Gumbs , 19 , was part of the Salford City team that won promotion to National League North . `` They progressed a lot last season and deserve this chance , '' Tranmere boss Gary Brabin told the club website . `` They 're still young but they 're enthusiastic and willing to learn and hopefully they can continue to develop as footballers and help this club . ''	Tranmere Rovers have agreed new one-year contracts with teenagers Luke Pilling , Evan Gumbs and Mitch Duggan .
The male victim suffered neck wounds in the attack at Mons Barracks , Aldershot , at about 06:15 GMT on 12 November . Detectives said Aidan Warner , 20 , of Egret Gardens , Aldershot , Hampshire , was due to appear before Basingstoke magistrates on 1 August charged with wounding with intent . Police previously said the stabbing was not thought to be terrorist-related .	A man has been charged with stabbing a soldier at an army barracks .
Health Protection Scotland said the individual was in the NHS Tayside area . It brings the total number of people affected by the current outbreak to six - four in Lothian and two in Tayside . Gardeners have been urged to wash their hands after handling compost and to avoid using it in enclosed unventilated areas such as sheds and greenhouses . Symptoms of the Legionella longbeachae infection can include headaches , diarrhoea or a dry cough followed by pneumonia . Public health experts believe the outbreak is linked to commercial gardening compost . The exact way in which the infection is passed from compost to people is not known , but it assumed to be through breathing in very small dust particles or very small drops of contaminated water . Most people recover after treatment with antibiotics but those with underlying medical problems are more vulnerable . Health experts have recommended warning labels be put on bags of compost because of the risk of Legionnaires ' disease .	It has been confirmed that another person has been infected with a strain of Legionnaires disease associated with compost .
Police said the `` mainly intact '' torso was discovered in Tolka Valley Park , in Finglas , on Monday . Nolan , originally from Finglas , had served jail sentences for rape and burglary . He disappeared in November 2010 aged 46 . A dismembered arm , which washed up on Dublin 's Dollymount beach in 2011 , was later confirmed to be his . GardaÃ­ ( Irish police ) began searching the Finglas park on Saturday 1 April after new information came to light . Supt William Carolan told the media on Tuesday that police notified the state pathologist as soon as the remains were found . The torso has been removed to the city mortuary where a post-mortem examination is being carried out . Supt Carolan said they could not yet confirm that the torso was that of Nolan and DNA analysis was required . Nolan 's family has been informed and a police family liaison officer is in contact with them . The dig will continue for about 10 days , with about half of the site already searched .	A torso has been found in a Dublin park by police searching for the remains of convicted rapist James Nolan .
A front window of the house in Kirkleatham Lane , Redcar , was smashed before the firework was hurled through just before 22:00 GMT on 31 October . It started a blaze which forced a man , woman and teenage boy to flee . No-one was injured , Cleveland Police said . The arrested man has been bailed pending further inquiries .	A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a firework was thrown through a house window , forcing a family to flee the burning home .
The attack happened late on Wednesday in Yongling township , a Xinhua report said . Those killed included two relatives of the suspect 's girlfriend and six other people , the report said . The injured were receiving treatment , it added . The suspect was detained by police at the scene . State media said the 17-year-old killed two of his girlfriend 's relatives `` after having conflicts '' with his girlfriend . He killed the other six people `` while fleeing the scene '' , it said . No other details were immediately available . Violent crime has been in the spotlight in China since a string of incidents in 2010 involving lone individuals targeting children in apparently random attacks .	A teenager has killed eight people and wounded five others in a knife attack in China 's Liaoning province , state media says .
Gateshead midfielder JJ O'Donnell , 23 , is suffering from Sesamoiditis , a condition which causes inflammation in the bones under his toes . After an online appeal he has reached the £7,000 needed for surgery which could help him resume his career . `` Hope the operation is a success , '' Gateshead-born Graham , 29 , wrote . O'Donnell - formerly of Luton Town - had thanked Gateshead for their support in funding treatment when the Conference club explained it could no longer pay . A group of supporters began fundraising on 2 May and an online charity appeal was set up for donations , with Graham 's paid on Monday . O'Donnell , who has never met Graham , tweeted : `` Three weeks ago I was totally lost and hopeless . I 'll forever be in great debt and appreciate every single penny . `` I 'm not singling Danny out as without everybody I 'd not have reached my target , but a donation like that has left me speechless . `` Premier League players take a lot of stick about being role models but this shows just how much of a role model someone can be . ''	Sunderland striker Danny Graham has donated £2,690 to help fund an operation that could save the career of a non-league footballer .
Wockhardt , which supplies the NHS with medicines such as insulin , is building a sterile manufacturing and testing facility at its site at Wrexham Industrial Estate . The Indian company currently employs 380 people in Wrexham . The announcement comes as Prime Minister Theresa May is on a trade mission to India with UK bosses . She said : `` For the near 400 people who work in the Wrexham manufacturing plant , and indeed the whole town , today 's announcement is a huge vote of confidence in the workers and the local economy . `` But I want to see much more investment in Wales . `` And that 's why I was so pleased to welcome two Welsh firms to my delegation for the trade trip to India , where they have been able to forge contacts and relationships with the investors of the future . '' Wockhardt UK managing director Sirjiwan Singh said the investment `` will ensure the global competitiveness of our operations and future manufacturing plans at Wrexham '' .	A Wrexham-based pharmaceutical company is creating up to 50 jobs with a £10m factory investment .
West Yorkshire Police said the 28-year-old victim was seriously injured in the assault at around 21:35 BST on Friday in Alliance Street . Four boys aged 14 , 15 and two aged 16 have been arrested in the Armley and Bramley areas . They were held on suspicion of racially aggravated grievous bodily harm and violent disorder . Police are treating the attack as racially motivated due to comments made at the time . Ch Supt Paul Money of West Yorkshire Police met Polish Consul General , Lukasz Lutostanski , on Monday . The force and consulate are raising awareness among the Polish community of how to report hate crimes and police patrols have been increased in the area . Ch Supt Money said : `` Given the understandable concern that this incident has caused among people in Leeds , particularly the local Polish community , and the wider focus there has been on it , we have prioritised the investigation to ensure that we are doing everything we can to bring our enquiries to a successful conclusion . `` I want to reiterate that hate crime and hate incidents are completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated in any form . `` The police work closely in partnership with the council and other agencies to tackle hate crime and we encourage anyone who has been a victim to report those incidents . '' Police enquiries are continuing to trace further suspects .	Four teenage boys have been arrested in connection with a racist attack on a Polish man in Leeds .
Councillors voted to await the decision of a £9.6m Heritage Lottery Fund bid by the trust fighting to save it . The council wants permission to demolish the pier if that is refused . Meanwhile , a legal fight between former owner Steve Hunt and the council is continuing , with both sides claiming they own it . The redevelopment of the pier is expected to cost £12m , and the council could be asked to provide £850,000 towards it . Sasha Davies , Conwy council 's strategic director for the economy , said the regeneration of the seafront was blighted by the eyesore , which had already cost taxpayers more than £668,000 . But Jess Steele , an advisor to the Colwyn Victoria Pier Trust , told the council saving the pier would be far less costly than demolishing it . `` This is definitely the last chance , '' she said . If an application for lottery funding was refused the pier would not be saved , she said . The pier once hosted entertainers such as Morecambe and Wise , Harry Secombe and musician Elvis Costello , and remains the focus of a long-running legal dispute about who owns the structure .	Campaigners hoping to revive Colwyn Bay 's dilapidated pier have been granted one `` last chance '' to save it from demolition .
Kerry Smith was selected to fight the parliamentary seat for UKIP in December but pulled out after he made offensive remarks against gay people and other UKIP members . Ian Luder has been selected as his replacement . Mr Luder is a former labour councillor and Lord Mayor of London . Former Tory MP Neil Hamilton pulled out of the selection process after a letter from UKIP 's finance committee was leaked to Channel 4 News querying his expenses claims for the party . Mr Smith has announced he will contest the seat as an independent .	A new candidate has been chosen to represent UKIP in the Essex seat of South Basildon and East Thurrock after the former candidate resigned .
23 December 2015 Last updated at 20:14 GMT On the haunting Delta blues-inspired track Ake , Bassy plays the harmonica and wistfully sings in his mother tongue Bassa .	The most original live performance of 2015 goes to Cameroonian magician Blick Bassy at the Africa Utopia Festival in London .
The plane was forced to stop at the airport on the west coast of Ireland at 10:24 GMT on Sunday due to technical problems . The same jet was diverted to Shannon on Friday night as it headed to Boston from London . There were 220 passengers on board on Sunday ; no one was injured . A replacement flight left Shannon Airport at 16:55 GMT . BA has apologised to passengers . A BA spokesman said : `` Our flight diverted to Shannon due to a minor technical issue and our cabin crew looked after the customers on board . `` Safety is always our first priority , and the aircraft diverted purely as a precaution . '' The flight did not declare an emergency and operations were reported to be normal at all times throughout the incident .	A British Airways plane travelling from Seattle to Heathrow has made its second unscheduled landing at Shannon Airport in three days .
The 33-year-old joined on a two-year deal from Australian NRL side Cronulla Sharks in November 2015 , making 18 appearances and scoring four tries . But chairman Michael Carter said Tupou and his family were `` suffering a lot with homesickness '' . Carter told the club website : `` Unfortunately things did not work out as well as we all had hoped . ''	Homesick Wakefield forward Anthony Tupou has had contract cancelled by mutual consent .
The Farmers ' Union of Wales ( FUW ) said First Milk 's decision was another setback for the Welsh dairy industry after months of falling milk prices . Deputy farming minister Rebecca Evans said she was seeking urgent talks with the company . First Milk said it had to act to put its finances on a stronger footing . FUW president Emyr Jones said the payment postponement would put farmers in an `` untenable position '' , as they can not delay paying their own bills . First Milk operates a number of milk production facilities across England , Scotland and Wales - including the Haverfordwest Creamery cheese plant in Pembrokeshire . The co-operative 's chairman , the South East Cambridgeshire MP Sir Jim Paice , said First Milk was `` acutely aware '' of the pressure it was putting on its milk suppliers . But he said the payment delay was one of the measures that would help inject fresh cash into First Milk after a year of wildly fluctuating world prices for milk products . He said the co-operative would also be talking to banks at national and local levels to explain how the delay may impact some of its farming members .	A farming union says it is anxious and concerned after a dairy co-operative announced that it will be delaying paying farmers for milk by two weeks .
Schools and government offices were shut and several flights were grounded . The waters were up to neck height in some areas and the ceilings of ground floor apartments in others . The storm arrived as the capital was recovering from last week 's Typhoon Kalmaegi , which left eight people dead and thousands displaced . Local media reported a river burst its banks in an eastern part of Manila , prompting the evacuation of more than 20,000 people . A dam in another part of the city also showed signs of overflowing , according to GMA News . The flooded streets caused gridlock as motorists were unaware of the extent of the flooding due to a lack of reports from local authorities , the Associated Press news agency reported . Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada told reporters that floodwaters were receding as drainage pipes had been cleared of rubbish . But he criticised anti-flood infrastructure , saying it had been `` neglected for a long time '' . The Philippines grapples with typhoons and storms every year during the monsoon season . Fung-Wong is expected to leave the Philippines by Sunday and will head towards Taiwan and Japan .	Thousands of people have been evacuated in the Philippine capital Manila and nearby provinces as tropical storm Fung-Wong brought flooding .
Officers said a post-match inquiry was ongoing into the use of flares , smoke bombs , offensive singing and banners , which could result in more arrests . They said there were also a number of inquiries being carried out into incidents of violence across Scotland . They were investigating whether these incidents were football-related . Police Scotland said of the 18 people arrested on Sunday , eight men had appeared in court for offences including sectarian threatening or abusive behaviour , assault and running on to the pitch . Three men , aged 18 , 52 and 27 , were arrested and released on an undertaking over offences under the Offensive Behaviour at Football Scotland Act . Seven men were reported to the procurator fiscal for street drinking , possession of drugs and threatening or abusive behaviour . Ch Supt Brian McInulty praised the majority of fans who behaved well during and after the match . Rangers won the match 5-4 on penalties after the game ended 2-2 after extra time .	Police have said Sunday 's Scottish Cup semi-final between Rangers and Celtic resulted in 18 arrests in and around Hampden Stadium and in the city centre .
Philip Morrison , 40 , is alleged to have strangled and robbed 24-year-old Derek Sheerin on waste ground near London Road on 25 September 1994 . At the High Court in Glasgow , Mr Morrison , who is from Londonderry , pleaded not guilty to the charge . Judge Lady Rae set the trial for March next year . It is alleged that Mr Morrison seized hold of Mr Sheerin and struggled with him . He is then alleged to have strangled him with a belt , and robbed him of a watch , tobacco and Â£20 .	A man from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with murdering a man in the east end of Glasgow 22 years ago .
22 May 2015 Last updated at 10:23 BST The British Geological Survey said it had a magnitude of 4.2 which is 260,000 times smaller than the earthquake that hit Nepal . No one was hurt and quakes in the UK are very rare . One of the last ones happened in January in the East Midlands . Watch Ayshah 's interview with earthquake expert Steve Hicks from that time to find out more about how they happen . Read more : Earthquake recorded in East Midlands	After an earthquake was recorded in Kent on Friday morning we went searching through the Newsround archives to find the best explanation of how it might have happened .
Former superintendent Gordon Anglesea , 78 , faces five allegations of sexual assault and two of serious sexual assault between 1979 and 1987 . He was the 18th person to be arrested as part of Operation Pallial , a probe into historical sex abuse claims at north Wales care homes . Mr Anglesea , from Old Colwyn , will appear before magistrates in August . He was arrested in December 2013 as part of the investigation led by the National Crime Agency . The NCA said the alleged victims were ages between 11 and 16 at the time the assaults are said to have taken place . He has been released on conditional bail and will appear before Mold magistrates on 6 August .	A retired north Wales police chief has been charged with sexually abusing three boys in the 1970s and 80s .
Hartley was dropped from Stuart Lancaster 's World Cup training squad after receiving a four-week ban for headbutting Saracens ' Jamie George during May 's Premiership semi-final . It was the fifth suspension the 29-year-old had been given in three years . England scrum-half Dickson , 30 , has made 203 appearances for Saints since joining in 2008 . Dickson , who has been capped 18 times by England , was part of the Saints team who won the Premiership title in 2014 and finished as Heineken Cup runners-up in 2011 . `` Lee has been a key part not only of the team , but also our leadership group at the Gardens for a number of years , '' Saints director of rugby Jim Mallinder told the club website . `` He has captained the side well in the past and is a player with a huge amount of big-game experience both for club and country . `` He takes over from Dylan , who has been a superb captain for the past six seasons - the most successful period in the club 's history . He will remain one of many leaders in the team and provide crucial support for Lee from both a playing and day to day perspective . ''	Northampton Saints have named Lee Dickson as the club 's new captain , replacing England hooker Dylan Hartley .
7 April 2016 Last updated at 19:53 BST After the final whistle in March , Tyler was seen on camera helping officers clear up police tape from outside St James ' Park after most of the 52,000 fans had left the ground . The seven-year-old was given a signed football from the club and the chance to be a mascot when Newcastle United face Manchester City on 19 April .	A boy who helped police clean up after the Tyne-Wear derby has been found after an appeal to trace him .
South Wales , Gwent , Dyfed-Powys and North Wales Police forces have joined together with councils to encourage people to report incidents . All Wales Hate Crime Awareness Week has been launched by the Welsh government . A hate crime is a crime against an individual or group of people based on their identity . Victims can be targeted for a disability , their race or ethnicity , religion , transgender identity or sexual orientation . South Wales Police Assistant Chief Constable Jon Stratford said : `` Reports of hate crime to us have increased , which we believe is an indication that individuals feel more confident about reporting such incidents to us . `` However we know that hate crime is significantly under reported and that is the main focus of this year 's campaign . `` There are a number of reasons why this type of crime goes unreported - from fear of reprisals , a lack of confidence in the system , or even a lack of understanding that a crime has been committed . `` This campaign will hopefully focus people 's minds on what a hate crime is and how they , as a fellow citizen , need to speak up and report this kind of behaviour . '' The All Wales Hate Crime Awareness Week runs from 10 to 17 October .	Victims of hate crime in Wales are being urged to report it as part of a national campaign .
Choulay , 21 , could make his debut in Sunday 's Scottish Premiership visit to leaders Celtic . Capped at Under-23 level by Morocco , he had spells at Espanyol and Barcelona before moving to Stoke in 2015 but has yet to play in the Potters ' first team . But Choulay did make six appearances during a recent loan spell at Shrewsbury Town in League One . Hearts have already signed striker Dylan Bikey , defenders Andraz Struna , Lennard Sowah and Aaron Hughes and midfielder Malaury Martin in the January transfer window .	Hearts have signed Stoke City winger Moha El Ouriachi Choulay on loan until the end of the season .
Theresa May without hesitation said that she would be willing to press the nuclear button - without flinching in the face of that question , there was not a moment 's doubt . Secondly , how much agony there was on the Labour benches . The party 's difficulties around Trident crystallising the divisions and doubts inside the party . Possibly tomorrow , but possibly not until Wednesday , Labour will know which of its MPs will take on Jeremy Corbyn in a leadership contest over the summer . Whether it is Owen Smith or Angela Eagle , they both support the nuclear deterrent so that issue will be neutralised for the party if Jeremy Corbyn is defeated . There will , I understand , be only one of them on the ticket - by the end of play on Wednesday the one with fewer nominations will drop out - sources tell me it is `` neck and neck '' . But as the Tories get down to business under Theresa May , there are plenty of problems brewing . The opposition has a long way to go , maybe a long hot summer , before they can look like they are in any shape to take them on .	Two striking things about today .
David Doubtfire has stepped down from his position at Walkwood Middle School in Redditch . The 51-year-old , of Bidford-on-Avon , is due to appear at Worcester Magistrates ' Court on Friday . The voyeurism charge relates to an alleged incident at Evesham Leisure Centre . Mr Doubtfire is currently on police bail . A statement on Walkwood Middle School 's website said the charges were `` unrelated to children or his former role at the school '' . It added : `` Mr Doubtfire has not been at Walkwood since we were informed about the police investigation and formally resigned as head when the charges were brought . `` We are unable to comment further while the court process is ongoing . ''	A former head teacher has been charged with voyeurism and three counts of possessing extreme pornography .
Media playback is not supported on this device Taylor Crozier managed the feat on an 81-yard par three at The Playgrounds at Bluejack National in Montgomery , Texas . Crozier 's achievement earned him a hug from 14-time major winner Woods , who has been off the PGA Tour with back issues - and a mention on Twitter . `` First hole at The Playgrounds and this happened , '' Woods tweeted , along with a video of the shot .	An 11-year-old boy stunned Tiger Woods by holing the inaugural tee shot at a new golf course co-designed by Woods .
Commuters were stuck in traffic for up to eight hours on Thursday night . Logjams continued on Friday . Twitter users heavily criticised politicians for neglecting the city 's infrastructure and drainage system . Home to scores of top multinational firms , Gurgaon is popularly called India 's Millennium City . One commuter told the BBC that he took seven hours to drive 35km ( 21 miles ) to reach his home in Delhi on Thursday , a commute that would usually take a little over 60 minutes . Reports say traffic jams continued on several key roads even on Friday morning . Meanwhile , the government said that officials were `` working hard '' to clear traffic jams and water logging in the city on Friday . And with little else to do but sit , many commuters directed their creative energies toward Twitter instead . Meanwhile , some Twitter users praised Gurgaon police for trying to clear the jam .	Thousands of frustrated commuters have resorted to Twitter after heavy rains brought the city of Gurgaon near the capital Delhi to a standstill .
The match was also the first time an Australian Football League ( AFL ) regular season game had been staged outside Australia and New Zealand . Some 10,118 fans watched the match . `` They 're gasping , I think they love the hard hits and it 's a pretty entertaining game of footy , '' said AFL chief executive Gillon McLachlan . The match , which was shown on one of the three local television channels , cost an estimated $ 4m Australian dollars ( £2,291,256 ) to host . Port , who have Chinese backers , are reported to have paid three quarters of the cost , while they also gave the Suns $ 500,000 ( £286,407 ) to shift their home match away from the Gold Coast to the Jiangwan Stadium . About 5,000 of the crowd were made up of Port 's fans who travelled to Shanghai . `` The opportunity is enormous , '' said McLachlan . `` It 's the opportunity of speaking to Chinese companies who are wanting to do business in Australia . `` We want to have a relationship with them for our game to grow . We want to invest in this long-term and the aim is ( for ) this not to be a one-off . ''	China hosted its first competitive Australian rules match as Port Adelaide Power beat Gold Coast Suns 110-38 in Shanghai .
It happened on Friday morning at the school on the Shore Road . The boy was treated in the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast and later discharged . Police said they were investigating the incident and said staff and pupils at the school were co-operating fully with the police investigation . The PSNI added that how the pupil came by his injuries was still being investigated . They appealed to anyone with information to contact police or members of the school staff .	A schoolboy has been taken to hospital after an incident at Belfast High School at Jordanstown in Newtownabbey .
The east Belfast man was shot dead at a remote cottage in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland in April 2006 , months after he was exposed as a spy . Patrick Gillespie , 74 , from Craigvar Street in Glasgow , was granted bail at Dublin 's Special Criminal Court . He must comply with several conditions and live at a County Donegal address . The bail conditions imposed on Friday include a requirement to surrender his passport ; observe a night-time curfew and sign on every Saturday at a Garda ( Irish police ) station in Letterkenny . Mr Gillespie is not allowed to leave the jurisdiction and must provide a mobile phone contact number to police . Two women have agreed to freeze a surety of 15,000 euros ( £12,600 ) , which will be forfeited if the defendant fails to comply with bail conditions . Mr Donaldson . who once held a senior position in Sinn Féin , was expelled from the party a decade ago after he admitted being a paid British spy for 20 years .	An elderly man charged with withholding information about the murder of ex-Sinn Féin official and MI5 informer Denis Donaldson has been granted bail .
A passer-by spotted the corpse close to a River Nene sluice gate in Northampton at about 15:00 on Monday . The man - who was white , in his 50s or 60s and wearing a rugby shirt - was found near to the Avon headquarters on Nunn Mills Road . Det Sgt Hayley Thurston , of Northamptonshire Police , said : `` We are keeping an open mind , but there is nothing to indicate foul play . '' For more on this and other stories , visit BBC Local Live : Northamptonshire Police think he may have been watching the England-Scotland rugby union game on Saturday evening . Det Sgt Thurston added : `` He had a key in his pocket and was wearing a Six Nations rugby shirt , so it 's possible he may have lived nearby and had been out watching the England game . `` Clearly , we are hoping that from this description someone may know this gentleman as a neighbour or friend and get in touch . ''	The body of a man with both legs amputated was found in a river .
The incident occurred in Sauchiehall Street on 4 November 2016 . Police said they believed the men may be able to assist them with their inquiries . Both men were aged about 20 with dark hair . The first man was wearing a dark jacket and T-shirt and the second dark clothes and a leather jacket . Both were wearing jeans and trainers . Police Scotland would like to hear from the men or anyone who recognises them .	Police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow city centre .
Esso 's South East pipeline runs from Fawley Refinery , in Hampshire , to Purfleet Fuel Terminal , in Essex . The company said it discovered a section at Chevening , near Sevenoaks , had been tampered with . The Sun reported 30,000 litres of fuel a day were stolen over seven months , with a value of Â£8.3m at the pumps . Kent Police said thieves had used `` highly specialist techniques '' to siphon the fuel . Chevening House Estate is shared by the Deputy Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary , Philip Hammond . An Esso spokesman said : `` We recently strengthened our pipeline security and monitoring procedures , and on Wednesday detected criminal damage at Chevening on the South East pipeline . `` The section of pipeline was temporarily shut down to make repairs , which have now been completed . `` We strongly condemn the highly dangerous criminal action by those involved and are working closely with the police in their criminal investigations . '' A Kent Police spokesman added : `` Initial indications are that this was a well-organised crime , employing highly specialist techniques to siphon fuel from pipelines which operate at very high pressure . ''	Thieves have siphoned millions of pounds of fuel from a pipeline which runs under Deputy PM Nick Clegg 's official country residence in Kent .
Four fire engines were sent to Valbon , on George Street , at 02:30 GMT . About 350 people were evacuated . The venue , formerly Pozition , was recently re-launched after a major refurbishment . It is not thought anyone was injured in the blaze . Humberside Police said the men were in custody for questioning . The club said it would be shut until further notice for repairs to be carried out .	Two men have been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire broke out at a busy nightclub in Hull in the early hours of the morning .
12 January 2014 Last updated at 09:57 GMT Many of China 's big cities suffer with bad air pollution , which has recently caused some places to virtually shut down . Plans to improve the smog situation include closing down coal-burning power stations and limiting the amount of traffic on roads . The pollution has become so bad that many people wear face masks . One school in capital Beijing has even sealed off their playground with an inflatable tent ! Watch Jenny 's report for more .	Officials in China say they 're working hard to tackle the country 's smog problem .
With Pakistan in their second innings on the penultimate day of the third Test against West Indies in Dominica , the veteran pair came together at 57-3 . But Misbah , 42 , was caught for only two before Younus , 39 , top-edged a sweep on 35 from the last ball before tea . Between them , the duo have scored 15,321 runs in 193 Test appearances . Both received guards of honour after their final innings . Misbah announced last month that he would retire from international cricket after this three-Test series in the Caribbean - which is level at 1-1 - shortly after he and Younus were named as two of Wisden 's five Cricketers of the Year . Younus , Pakistan 's leading Test run-scorer who captained them to World Twenty20 success in England in 2009 , revealed his own retirement plans two days later . The match itself is intriguingly poised going into the final day , with West Indies on 7-1 , chasing a victory target of 304 as Pakistan bid to seal a series win in the Caribbean for the first time in their history .	Pakistan skipper Misbah-ul-Haq and legendary batsman Younus Khan were honoured by team-mates and opponents as they played their final Test innings .
Bristol City Council said it needed to save Â£1.1m from its library budget by 2016-17 , but it had now postponed the changes and was seeking new plans . The council said there were still likely to be job cuts . Forty posts were under threat in the original plans . It has guaranteed the libraries will not close in this financial year and consultation will run until 30 June . The city 's elected mayor George Ferguson , an independent , said they were trying to find `` creative community solutions '' . This could include using volunteers to help run libraries . The original plans to close the libraries were opposed by the city 's deputy mayor Geoff Gollop , who said earlier that closing them `` did not reflect users ' wishes '' . The seven libraries threatened with closure are in Clifton , Redland , Eastville , Sea Mills , Marksbury Road in Bedminster , Westbury and Wick Road in Brislington .	Plans to close seven libraries in Bristol in a council bid to save money have been put on hold .
Cruise Scotland 's forecast follows a record-breaking season in 2015 when Scottish ports welcomed 460,546 visitors and 501 cruise ships . It expects more than 525,000 passengers on 644 vessels this year . Among the ships planning to visit is a Disney Magic cruise , on its first round-Britain voyage . It is due to call at Greenock , Kirkwall and Invergordon . Cruise Scotland chairman Victor Sandison said : `` The continuing growth shows the increasing popularity of Scotland as a destination in a highly-competitive global market . `` This year 's estimated passenger count of over 525,000 will take us around halfway to the annual target of 1.1 million by 2029 - a figure identified in a study carried out in 2010 when there were just over 268,000 cruise visitors . `` Breaking half-a-million passengers will be a great achievement for all involved in marketing , port services and providing a great welcome , from harbours and shops to visitor attractions . ''	The number of cruise passengers heading to Scotland is set to top 500,000 for the first time this year , according to an industry marketing body .
He was discovered in Surgeon 's Gully area , to the south east of Ben Nevis . The 23-year-old , from London , had been reported missing on 31 March , after he failed to return to his accommodation in Fort William . His next of kin have been informed and a report will be sent to the procurator fiscal . Mr Knox had last been seen at about 10:00 on 30 March in the Glen Nevis area of Lochaber . It is believed he was planning to ascend Ben Nevis . A previous search , immediately after Mr Knox 's disappearance , had been suspended due to bad weather .	The body of missing hillwalker Kyle Knox has been found by a Royal Navy helicopter conducting a search of the Glen Nevis area .
The Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said the move was due of the UK 's decision to leave the EU . But Theresa Villiers said that the US Special Envoy Gary Hart had blamed the decision of the trip 's leading figure leaving the US government . She said the visit would now go ahead next year . The `` low-key '' event had been organised for Belfast and Londonderry in October . Sources say the conference would have involved between 20 to 25 people , including potential investors . Before last month 's referendum President Barack Obama warned that the UK would go to the `` back of the queue '' for trade deals with the US if it voted to leave the European Union .	The Secretary of State has denied Brexit was the main reason for the postponement of a US State Department investment visit to Northern Ireland .
It happened at a yard at Humbie Holdings , near Kirknewton at about 17:40 on Wednesday . The 27-year-old truck driver died at the scene . The emergency services attended the incident and Scottish Power engineers isolated the power supply . It is understood the tipper bed was up when it collided with the high-voltage overhead cable . The driver is believed to have been initially unhurt but was killed when trying to leave the vehicle 's cab while the tipper was still in contact with the cable . Police Scotland and the Health and Safety Executive are investigating . A Police Scotland spokesman said : `` Officers and the Scottish Ambulance Services attended however , despite best efforts of paramedics , the man was pronounced dead at the scene . `` There are no suspicious circumstances and a report will be sent to the Procurator Fiscal . ''	A workman has died after driving a tipper truck into an 11,000 volt cable in West Lothian .
The blaze broke out at the Earth 's Crust Bakery in Laurieston , near Castle Douglas , in the early hours of Monday morning . Owners said an `` unexplained electric fault '' had caused the fire which ripped through the building . The business - which started three years ago and is estimated to have produced 12,000 loaves - has been forced to close for the time being . A Scottish Fire and Rescue Service spokesman said it had receive a call shortly after 06:00 reporting the fire and had sent crews from Dalbeattie and Kirkcudbright . `` They arrived to find a fire within a brick building approximately four by six metres in size and a team of four firefighters in breathing apparatus used two high pressure jets to extinguish the flames , '' he said . `` Our crews then conducted dampening down operations and cleared debris that would have posed a danger to the public had it been left in place . `` Both our appliances left the scene around 8:15am . ''	A small artisan bakery in the south of Scotland has been destroyed by fire .
Annual underlying operating profits for 2015 were £34m , down from £55m in 2014 . The company said the strength of sterling reduced actual rates of sales revenue to £821m , down from £867m the previous year . There was a `` sharp drop '' in passenger numbers following the Paris terror attacks in November . Last year , rail services were also disrupted when migrants managed to get on to train tracks near the Channel Tunnel on the French side . Chief executive Nicolas Petrovic said : `` After a challenging end to 2015 , trading is picking up and the outlook for the summer is positive . '' The company said it had already introduced eight e320 trains between London and Paris , which carry 20 % more passengers , and planned to roll out more over the next three years .	Cross-Channel train operator Eurostar says a strong pound , the Paris attacks and disruptions have contributed to a drop in profits .
The NHS trust boards of Ipswich and Colchester Hospitals have voted to develop plans for a single combined organisation to care for patients . The two hospitals already have a joint chief executive , Nick Hulme , and will decide on a full merger next year . Mr Hulme said : `` We now have the challenge of setting out how we will create a new trust . '' In the coming months , the trusts say they will be asking the public , patients , staff and stakeholders to help define how they can improve services . Mr Hulme said it was a `` landmark opportunity '' to create the future for healthcare in the area . A final decision to form a single organisation , which would also require approval from health regulators , is expected to be made in June 2018 . The union Unison has been asked to comment on the plans .	Two hospital trusts in the East of England have moved a step closer to integrating clinical services .
The 20-year-old scored 13 goals in 60 games for the Cobblers before his move to Newcastle and was recently on loan at Shrewsbury . `` We have done whatever we can to bring Ivan back to the club , '' said Thomas . `` He has returned to Newcastle United from his loan spell at Shrewsbury Town and the decision is now with him . '' Since moving to St James ' Park in August 2015 , Toney has made four first-team appearances as well as having loan spells at Barnsley and Shrewsbury . Last season , he helped the Tykes win promotion to the Championship , playing in the League One play-off final victory over Millwall .	Northampton Town chairman Kelvin Thomas has said the decision over whether Ivan Toney will return to the club is in the Newcastle United forward 's hands .
Worcester back-row forward Kvesic comes in for Exeter 's Tom Johnson , who was taken off on a stretcher with suspected ligament damage against Leinster . Saracens second row Botha replaces Calum Clark , who was forced off with a shoulder injury in the first half of Northampton 's game against Glasgow . Clark and Johnson are doubts for England 's Six Nations opener . Stuart Lancaster 's men kick off their campaign against Scotland at Twickenham on 2 February . Monye has been drafted in as cover while England 's medical team assess players who featured in the Heineken Cup this weekend . Gloucester and England fly-half Freddie Burns is to have a scan on the knee injury he suffered in their Challenge Cup win over Mont de Marsan .	Matt Kvesic , Mouritz Botha and Ugo Monye have been called into England 's Six Nations training squad .
The eight-month-old is pictured in his mother 's arms while Prince William holds their dog , Lupo . The image was taken by royal christening photographer Jason Bell at the family 's Kensington Palace home . It is the first official picture of Prince George to be released since his christening last October . William and Kate are due to arrive in New Zealand on 7 April with the young Prince . They then fly to Australia on 16 April and their three-week tour ends on 25 April . The visit will be the first official overseas tour for Prince George .	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have posed for an official photograph with Prince George ahead of their tour of Australia and New Zealand .
Police were called to Vernon Road in Handsworth Wood , at around 02:00 BST . A 27-year-old man was treated by the ambulance service for serious injuries and was taken to hospital where his condition is described as critical but stable , a statement said . Det Insp Richard Marsh said an attempted murder investigation had been launched . `` We continue to make enquiries to establish the circumstances surrounding the shooting . We believe this was a targeted attack and are open-minded regarding motive , '' he said . `` We are appealing to anyone who was in the Vernon Road area and who may have seen anything suspicious to call me or one of my team . '' West Midlands Ambulance said a man was treated at the scene for an abdominal injury before being taken to hospital .	A man was left in a critical condition after being shot in a `` targeted attack '' in Birmingham .
The suspect squeezed through a Clacton Town Hall window in the wee small hours , at about 01:00 BST . Nothing was stolen , Essex Police said , but the BBC was told the intruder left excrement in the electoral services room . Tendring District Council asked witnesses to contact the police . It is thought the break-in was captured on CCTV .	An intruder broke into a town hall and defecated on the floor before wiping their bottom with council material , the BBC understands .
The Prince of Wales laid a wreath in the cemetery where some of the 144 victims of the tragedy on 21 October 1966 are buried . The message had gone by Sunday . David Davies , chairman of trustees at the Aberfan Memorial Charity , said it was `` sad '' it had been taken . South Wales Police said it was aware of the incident and was investigating . Wales observed a minute 's silence at 09:15 BST on Friday , 50 years after a mountain of coal waste from tip seven of Merthyr Vale Colliery slid down onto Aberfan and destroyed Pantglas Junior School and nearby homes . Prince Charles spent much of Friday afternoon with families of those who died in the disaster and attended a reception before signing a book of remembrance . He also read out a message from the Queen which said the spirit of the community proved `` even the greatest loss can not triumph over love '' .	A message from the wreath placed by Prince Charles on the 50th anniversary of the Aberfan disaster has been taken .
Duff joined the Clarets for from Cheltenham for £30,000 in 2004 and made 383 appearances , scoring eight goals . The centre-back has helped Burnley win promotion to the Premier League three times and played 25 times this season as they won the Championship title . `` It 's been an honour to represent this football club , '' the Northern Ireland international told the club website . `` To do it with this group of lads this season as champions has been unbelievable . `` [ Manager ] Sean Dyche rested me earlier in the season and since then we 've gone 23 unbeaten so you ca n't argue with that . `` He also said I could go and play elsewhere or continue working here in the academy and it 's an opportunity I could n't turn down . '' Duff spent eight years at Cheltenham where he won FA Trophy , National League and the League Two play-offs , and amassed 24 international caps during his career .	Burnley defender Michael Duff has announced his retirement at the age of 38 to take up a role in club 's academy .
27 November 2015 Last updated at 13:22 GMT The elite soldiers of the Galactic Empire swapped enforcing the New Order to try out the waves in a drizzly Gloucestershire . It is thought key scenes from the upcoming Star Wars : Episode VII The Force Awakens were filmed in nearby Puzzlewood , in the Forest of Dean . The Wye Valley and Forest of Dean Tourism Association seized the link to invite the `` stormtroopers '' to advertise its new television and movie trail . The area has also starred in dozens of productions from Dr Who and The Huntsman to Harry Potter . `` We thought it would be fun to swap the Death Star for surfboards and see if the soldiers of the Galactic Empire could ride the waves , '' said Mark Terry-Lush , association director . `` It was the last big bore of the season and it was a decent bore - so we were really lucky . '' A bore is a surge wave caused by the incoming tide being funnelled up the narrowing estuary . The association 's TV and Movie Trail website is due go live on 16 December .	Star Wars stormtroopers have been spotted surfing the last big bore of the year on the River Severn .
Police said one car collided near Cottam power station , Nottinghamshire , at about 23:50 BST on Saturday . The driver died at the scene and four passengers were taken to the Northern General Hospital in Sheffield `` with varying injuries '' , officers said . Road closures had been in place but the force said Outgang Lane and Cottam Road reopened at about 14:00 BST on Sunday .	A man has died in a crash near a power station .
The body has not been formally identified but it is believed to be the 84-year-old farmer driving a ute swept away by floodwaters on Wednesday . Heavy rains have closed roads , damaged properties , and flooded creeks and rivers across the country 's southeast . Multimillion-dollar repairs have begun as Australians brace for more wild weather conditions next week . Residents at Charlton , a central Victorian town on the Avoca River , were told the floodwaters were due to peak overnight on Friday . `` It 's anticipated there will be minimal numbers of homes or other properties impacted beyond those that have already been impacted , '' Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews said . `` This is a really tough and proud community . '' Meanwhile , the local Australian Rules football team is chasing premiership victory on Saturday after finishing runner-up in the last three grand finals . The team are confident they will be able to make the 40km trip south to the away game in St Arnaud .	Australian police have recovered a body from a dam in western Victoria where riverbanks overflowed after heavy rain .
The 56-year-old victim was a passenger in a car that was hit by Ian Harvey 's car in Higham , Kent , in December 2015 . She died at the scene , in Lower Road , and two men and another woman were hurt . Harvey , 24 , of Burdett Avenue , Shorne , admitted causing death by careless or inconsiderate driving at an earlier Maidstone Crown Court hearing . As well as being jailed , the defendant was disqualified from driving for three years . The court heard how he lost control of his Ford Fiesta while negotiating a left-hand bend after overtaking another car at excess speed . PC Guy Ditcher , of Kent Police , said Harvey `` chose to ignore the hazards around him '' while driving well over the speed limit on a narrow , unlit road at 20:30 GMT . `` An entirely innocent and well-loved woman has needlessly lost her life because of these reckless actions , '' he said .	A driver who caused the death of a woman in a crash has been jailed for two years .
The men , aged 19 and 20 , were arrested at a property in west London as part of a planned operation by the Met 's Counter Terrorism Command . The teenager was arrested on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts . The second man 's arrest was on suspicion of funding terrorism and failing to disclose information . It also related to the preparation of terrorist acts . His arrest was made in relation to a separate investigation by the South East Counter Terrorism Unit . Scotland Yard said it was searching a number of addresses and vehicles in the west and south-east of London , as well as in the Thames Valley area . A third man , 19 , was arrested in south-east London on suspicion of a religiously aggravated offence in relation to a separate incident . All three men remain in custody , officers said .	Two men have been arrested in London on suspicion of terror offences .
The bag was one of 13 , holding a total of NZ $ 10m , being sent to the Bank of China in Hong Kong from New Zealand , Chinese media say . Police are treating the case as theft , they add . Surveillance footage reportedly shows three unsecured bags falling from a trailer as it turns a corner . When staff realised the bags were missing 10 minutes later , they are said to have returned to the scene but could only recover two of them . A statement by the airline said : `` Cathay Pacific transported a valuable cargo shipment last Friday night to Hong Kong . `` Upon arrival , it was transferred to the cargo terminal where part of the shipment was found missing . As the case is under police investigation , we are unable to provide further details . '' G4S International Logistics , that was transporting the money to the Bank of China , said the money was safe until it entered the controlled airside section of the airport - a section to which their staff have no access . The money was insured , the company said .	A bag carrying NZ $ 1m ( $ 665,000 ; Â£425,000 ) has disappeared while being moved from a Cathay Pacific plane at Hong Kong International Airport .
The money is aimed at supporting people and communities to `` overcome challenging circumstances '' . The biggest beneficiary in the latest round is Kirkcudbright Development Trust , which receives £850,000 to turn a former school into a community hub . Maureen McGinn , who chairs the BLFS , said the money could `` transform the lives of local people '' . The Kirkcudbright project will see the transformation of the former Johnston Primary into a hub which incorporates a childcare centre , a tourist attraction , business units and an emergency service base . The Glenkens Community and Arts Trust in Dumfries and Galloway has secured £148,772 while the Peeblesshire Youth Trust in the neighbouring Scottish Borders has been awarded £97,000 . Other schemes to receive support include : Ms McGinn said : `` Each of these inspiring projects will assist people at the times when they need most support , providing them with the tools , confidence and skills to work towards a more positive future . ''	Fifty groups from across the country have received a share of £9.6m from the Big Lottery Fund Scotland ( BLFS ) .
Officers were called to the scene , just north of the Dornoch Bridge , at about 02:30 on Monday . The road was closed in both directions for almost 12 hours to allow for an investigation by Police Scotland . Police have appealed for sightings of Mr Gilbert in the hours leading up to the collision . He was wearing dark clothing and had been walking in or near Embo , Dornoch , Camore and the A9 between 21:45 on Sunday and 02.30 on Monday .	A male pedestrian who died after being struck by a van on the A9 near Dornoch has been named as Noel Gilbert , who was 40 and from Inverness .
The 28-year-old , who can play in midfield or at full-back , was a free agent after mutually agreeing an exit from Birmingham at the end of January . The former Celtic trainee and one-time Scotland international worked with new Shakers boss Lee Clark at Blues . He memorably scored a last-minute goal under Clark to keep Birmingham in the Championship in May 2014 . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Bury have signed utility player Paul Caddis on a deal until the end of the season .
The authority has said residents could be asked for their views on the proposals , which could also be extended to the city 's parks . A `` voluntary '' smoke-free scheme already exists in 42 of the city 's children 's playgrounds . Brighton and Hove City Council is set to meet on Tuesday to decide whether the public consultation should proceed . If agreed , it will run from the following day for 12 weeks .	Smoking could be banned on Brighton beach under plans being considered by the city council .
He won with his pop track Heroes , which he performed accompanied by animations . He beat Russia 's Polina Gagarina who came second . Australia finished fifth in the country 's first Eurovision appearance . And the UK 's act , Electro Velvet , finished 24th out of the 27 participants , with just five points .	Swedish singer Mans Zelmerlow has won this year 's Eurovision Song Contest in Austria .
Irish suffered a 30-15 defeat against Sale on Saturday to leave them still four points adrift at the bottom . The Exiles face fellow strugglers Newcastle away later this month in a game which could decide who goes down . `` Things just are n't going for us for at the moment and we need everything to do so , '' Coventry told BBC Sport . Media playback is not supported on this device Asked how he would motivate his players for the remainder of the season , Coventry replied : `` I know we have n't been winning games and people think that the whole place is poison and everything 's falling apart , it 's just not like that . `` To be honest , they 're [ the players ] a pretty good bunch to be involved with . We 're just working hard as a team that 's probably struggling for confidence and form . '' Two late tries from Sale , who won at the Madejski Stadium for the first time since October 2006 , took the game away from Irish after they had fought back to 16-15 , and denied them a losing bonus point . Newcastle 's defeat at Harlequins meant the gap between the two sides remains at four points ahead of their meeting at Kingston Park on 17 April .	London Irish head coach Tom Coventry insists the club is `` not falling apart '' as they face three games to avoid relegation from the Premiership .
Michael Cook , 62 , of Holmesdale Road , Brundall has been charged with possessing a prohibited firearm and ammunition offences as well as shotgun certificate offences . Police found the weapons during their search of the property in May . Mr Cook was released on police bail and is due to appear at Norwich Magistrates ' Court in January .	A man has been charged with firearms offences after 120 guns were seized from a bungalow earlier this year .
One of the victims , Matt Grimstone , was a member of the Championship club 's ground staff team while another , Jacob Schilt , was a Seagulls supporter . `` I have have been incredibly impressed with the way the club and the community have come together , right through this period , '' Hughton told BBC Sussex . `` It is about us showing our respects . '' Grimstone and Schilt were among 11 victims of the crash which occurred on 22 August when a Hunter Hawker jet crashed on to the A27 . There will be a minute 's applause before kick-off against Hull , while Brighton are also planning other tributes before the match begins . `` Matt was highly thought of while Jacob was a very big supporter , '' Hughton added . `` We were at the funeral of Matt on Monday , and the turnout from the club and the local community was exceptional . `` It is a Brighton and Hove Albion day and a day we pay our respects , using it as a celebration of their lives . That is the way the family and the community would like to remember it . '' Both Grimstone and Schilt played for Sussex non-league side Worthing United , who dedicated last Sunday 's FA Vase match against East Preston to the duo .	Brighton manager Chris Hughton says it is `` right and fitting '' that Saturday 's game at home to Hull will be dedicated to victims of the Shoreham air crash .
It claimed several hundred fares , at just £69 , were available on each of three new US routes . They were also offered for new transatlantic links with Cork , Shannon , Dublin and Belfast . The flights were advertised in other countries at even cheaper rates of 69 euros and $ 65 . The rush for cheap seats led to 20,000 tickets being sold within three days . Prices now range from £160 to £280 one-way , with about £65 more to check in one piece of luggage . The marketing method , pioneered by Ryanair , has been criticised in the New York Times , which said the airline `` offers a kind of bare-bones intercontinental travel that American travellers may be unused to '' . The introduction of Norwegian into small airports for transatlantic flights was met with lobbying resistance from other airlines and labour unions in the USA . A Norwegian airline spokesman said the ultra-low fare was only intended as `` an introductory price '' , and that affordable tickets were still available . The Edinburgh routes will connect from 15 June with small , low-cost airports in Rhode Island , Connecticut and an airbase north of New York City .	Budget airline Norwegian has sold all of its cheapest tickets between Edinburgh and the north-east United States within hours .
A rambling route from Bath through the Cotswolds to Chipping Campden has been captured on Google Street View . A walker was sent to chart the 102-mile ( 164 km ) path with a backpack containing a 360-degree camera on the top . The Cotswold Way passes a significant number of historic sites , such as the Neolithic burial chamber at Belas Knap and Hailes Abbey . This summer also marks 10 years since it became an official National Trail .	You can find out more about the Cotswold Way here .
Swimmer Ms Johnson , who trained and studied in Swansea , received the award at a presentation ceremony on Monday . The Newport-born athlete , who has cerebral palsy , won gold for Great Britain in the 100m breaststroke in Beijing in 2008 . She said : `` Swansea University played an important part on my road to sporting success and I loved my time there . ''	Paralympic gold medal winner Liz Johnson has been given an honorary fellowship by Swansea University .
The unit at Bootham Park hospital in York was shut when the Care Quality Commission ( CQC ) ordered the entire hospital 's closure . Inspectors concluded it was safe to reopen the unit following a site visit on 7 December . The Tees , Esk and Wear Valley Trust , which runs the hospital , said it would relocate to a new facility in mid-2016 . Dr Paul Lelliott , deputy chief inspector of hospitals at the CQC , said : `` Our registration team has reviewed the evidence from the site visit and additional documentation supplied by the trust , and is satisfied that the required work is complete and that people will now be able to receive safe , high-quality care . '' The place of safety unit was closed alongside inpatient and outpatient services after inspectors heavily criticised the 18th century hospital . Patients were discharged to home care or transferred to hospitals elsewhere in the country . Outpatients were given treatment at alternative facilities in York . The trust said its long-term aim remained providing a new mental health hospital in York . In the meantime , it plans to adapt Peppermill Court on Huntingdon Road , a unit for elderly dementia patients , into a 24-bed adult inpatient unit . The trust said it also planned to move the place of safety unit to Peppermill Court when work was completed .	A unit for people detained under the mental health act , closed by health inspectors in October , has reopened .
Firefighters and police armed with tranquiliser guns are searching for the big cat , according to AP . Authorities are following its paw prints in the Seine-et-Marne district , 34 miles from the French capital . Seine et Marne is trending on Twitter in France . While social networks might be talking of the 'tigre ' , photos are scarce . Media outlets have improvised in the best way they can . Rather less excitingly , this seems to be an actual picture of the tiger . It was near a supermarket car park . `` My wife saw it , '' said Jean-Baptiste Berdeaux , who manages the Intermarche supermarket . He told AFP she took a photo . `` She did n't get out of the car and called me to say : ' I think I saw a lynx . ' ''	French authorities are searching for a tiger reportedly on the loose near Paris .
Fonda plays Mr Burns 's girlfriend , while Dafoe will voice Bart 's new teacher , Mr Lassen . Parks and Recreation actor Nick Offerman will feature in later episodes , along with comedian and writer Sarah Silverman . The 26th season of the popular animation comedy starts on Fox on 28 September . Frasier star David Hyde Pierce , who has already voiced Sideshow Bob 's brother Cecil , will also return as a guest voice and a special episode has been written by director and producer Judd Apatow . Fox has also announced celebrity guest voices for the next season of animated series Family Guy . That season , which also launches in September , will feature a crossover in which the Simpsons meet the Griffin family . The Family Guy series will include the guest voice of actor Liam Neeson .	The Simpsons will feature the guest voices of Jane Fonda and Willem Dafoe in its forthcoming new season .
Lee Waldon , 51 , died in a ground floor flat in Bybrook Road , in Ashford , Kent , on 17 May . Darren McKay , 39 , of Beecholme Drive , Kennington , had been charged with his murder but at Maidstone Crown Court on Friday the prosecution accepted his guilty plea to manslaughter . He is due to be sentenced at the same court on 23 January .	A man has admitted killing a 51-year-old man who died after suffering head injuries .
26 June 2016 Last updated at 12:09 BST The MP for Aberavon told BBC Wales ' Sunday Politics that the Brexit vote `` changed everything '' . He said he was backing the no confidence moves to oust Jeremy Corbyn . You can see the full interview with the MP on the BBC iPlayer .	Welsh Labour MP Stephen Kinnock says the vote to leave the EU means his party needs a new leader .
James first played for Blues in 2006 and returned to the region in 2015 after spending two seasons with Exeter . The 29-year-old has scored 51 tries in 136 appearances over two spells with the Arms Park-based region . `` Tom is a key player for us and will be an important part of what we are trying to build here , '' said Blues head coach Danny Wilson . `` I 'm delighted we have been able to secure one of the in-form Welsh players to a new , long-term contract and hope there are many more performances like we have seen so far this season to come . '' The 29-year-old has played 12 times for Wales - his last appearance coming against Scotland in the 2016 Six Nations championship . James has been a key player in Blues ' unbeaten start to the new Pro12 season - scoring two tries in the 24-23 away win against Munster and impressing in the home win against Glasgow . `` I could n't get the deal signed quick enough , '' said James . `` I left because I wanted to test myself in a new environment and improve as a player . I was very happy to come back ahead of last season and I feel I came back a better player . `` I 've been really pleased with the way things have gone and I bit Danny 's hand off when he offered me this new deal . ''	Wales international wing Tom James has agreed a new long-term deal with Cardiff Blues .
The 36-year-old former Tranmere Rovers , Rotherham United , Shrewsbury Town , Burton Albion , AFC Telford United and Chester centre-half only finished playing at the end of last season . But , although still registered as a player , he has been assistant manager since April to Jon McCarthy at Chester . Sharps replaces Dean Holden , who left to join Bristol City last week . Warrington-born Sharps spent time last season on the Walsall staff in a part-time coaching capacity . He will help form a new Saddlers backroom team along with manager Whitney and goalkeeping coach Neil Cutler . Walsall , play-off semi finalists last season , currently stand 14th in League One . He leaves a Chester side lying 12th in the National League following Saturday 's 2-2 comeback draw at Sharps ' old club Tranmere .	Ian Sharps has left National League side Chester to become first-team coach under Jon Whitney at Walsall .
Policymakers worried about lower-than-expected inflation as well as slow wage growth in the US economy , the world 's largest . The Fed has kept its benchmark interest rate at zero since late 2008 , when it slashed rates to boost the economy . Most observers do not expect a rate rise before this summer . `` Many participants indicated that their assessment of the balance of risks associated with the timing of the beginning of policy normalization had inclined them toward keeping [ rates at zero ] for a longer time , '' the minutes said . Although the US economy has been growing at a healthy rate , sluggish growth abroad combined with slower-than-expected wage increases have made policymakers wary of raising rates and unnecessarily stifling economic growth . During the meeting , officials were concerned about developments abroad , including the war in Ukraine , a slowdown in China 's economy and continued negotiations between Greece and its creditors . They were further concerned that markets might be inclined to overreact should the Fed drop language from its statement indicating that it could be `` patient '' in raising rates , adding to a decision to move at a slower pace .	Officials at the Federal Reserve are unlikely to raise interest rates soon , the latest minutes from the bank 's January meeting have revealed .
Lewis Milne 's pass set Greig Spence clear , and he slotted the game 's only goal before the break . Peterhead pushed for a leveller , but it was Cowdenbeath who came closest to the next goal when Spence hit a post . The visitors are two points above Forfar Athletic and Brechin City in ninth and tenth spots , respectively .	Cowdenbeath moved off the foot of League One with a surprise win at second-placed Peterhead , meaning Dunfermline Athletic sealed the title .
More than 20,000 animals , mostly lambs , have been put up for auction at Lairg . The sheep are transported to the livestock mart in the small Highlands village from all over the north of Scotland . Ahead of the sale , United Auctions ' chief executive David Leggat said it was hoped better prices would be achieved than last year .	What is regarded to be Europe 's largest one-day sale of hill sheep has been taking place in Sutherland .
Dielna , 28 , has played 25 games for the Owls since signing as a free agent in August 2014 , but his last appearance came in April last year . The former Lorient and Olympiakos centre-half has only been involved in one matchday squad this season . He has another season left on his three-year contract at Hillsborough . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Sheffield Wednesday 's French defender Claude Dielna has joined Slovak Super League side Slovan Bratislava on loan until the end of the season .
Mahafarid Amir-Khosravi was executed at Tehran 's Evin prison on Saturday . Amir-Khosravi was convicted over a scam which came to light in 2011 and involved using fake documents to obtain credit , leading to the embezzlement of around $ 2.6bn ( Â£1.5bn ) . The case forced the then government to deny its members had been involved . The case broke in September 2011 when an investment firm was accused of forging documents to obtain credit from at least seven Iranian banks over a four-year period . The money was reportedly used to buy state-owned companies under the government 's privatisation scheme . The affair fuelled weeks of political infighting between then President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Iran 's ruling hierarchy of clerics , with conservative hardliners accusing Mr Ahmadinejad 's economy minister of failing to take action over the fraud . Rights groups have criticised Iran 's use of the death penalty , saying that it is one of the world 's heaviest users of the punishment .	A businessman involved in embezzling billions of dollars in Iran 's biggest bank fraud case has been executed , state media say .
Sunday 's fixture was called off 64 minutes before the scheduled throw-in because of a waterlogged pitch . Tyrone 's hurling match with Donegal was also postponed - it will now be played at Healy Park on Sunday . 19 March . Meanwhile , there is a 17:00 GMT throw-in for the All-Ireland club football final between Slaughtneil and Dr Crokes at Croke Park on 17 March . The NHL Division 3A tie between Tyrone and Donegal , which was to have been the Healy Park curtain-raiser , was switched to Carrickmore but that too fell victim to the weather .	The postponed Division One game between Tyrone and Cavan has been rearranged for Sunday , 12 March at Healy Park .
The competition , based in the north west of Northern Ireland , is aimed at teenagers and has grown in popularity over the years . Its organisers estimate it is worth almost Â£2m to the local economy . Ex-Northern Ireland manager Lawrie Sanchez said the cutbacks , in the same year that Northern Ireland qualified for the Euro finals , is disappointing . `` With Northern Ireland obviously in the Europeans this summer you would want a competition like the Foyle Cup to be growing and ever expanding and to find it financially cut at this moment in time seems like a bit of an absurdity , '' he said . The grant the competition receives from Tourism NI has been cut from Â£20,000 to Â£10,000 . The organisers said the cut means the tournament will not be able to attract the same calibre of teams from abroad as in previous years . A Tourism NI spokesperson said the majority of applicants seeking grants this year received less than they applied for .	Funding for this year 's Foyle Cup youth football tournament has been cut by 50 % by Tourism Northern Ireland .
Friday morning 's incident near the A465 Heads of the Valleys road involved three vehicles . A separate collision happened on the A470 northbound near Brecon . Elsewhere , there were also reports of accidents on the A55 in Flintshire , while ice briefly shut the exit at J32 at Halkyn . In Pembrokeshire , the A4075 between the Yerbeston and and Canaston Bridge roundabout was shut after a car overturned but it has since re-opened . And on the M4 in Bridgend , a car driving the wrong way was believed to have been involved in two crashes . All roads have now reopened .	One person has been taken to hospital and two others were injured following a crash in icy conditions which closed the A470 in Merthyr .
Asa North , 24 , of Carrollton , west of Atlanta , was charged with two counts of involuntary manslaughter and two counts of reckless conduct , jail records show . The girls had been found unresponsive in the back seat of a vehicle parked outside a block of flats , police said . Residents had tried to revive the infants with ice packs in a baby pool . `` The neighbours heard some screaming - I guess coming from the father - and saw him running around back with the two children , '' police officer Chris Dobbs told Atlanta television station CBS 46 . The girls , identified in local media reports as Ariel Roxanne North and Alaynah Maryanne North , were later taken to hospital where they were pronounced dead . Post-mortems have yet to be carried out . The girl 's mother was said to be in Atlanta at the time , visiting a relative .	A father has been arrested after his twin 15-month-old girls died when he left them in a hot car in the US state of Georgia on Thursday .
After a scoreless first period , Colin Shields and Blair Riley were on target , with Layne Ulmer replying for Cardiff . Chris Higgins restored the Giants ' two-goal lead , Ryan Martinelli made it 4-1 , but Matthew Myers replied . Ulmer grabbed his second with 50 seconds left , before James Desmarais scored into the empty Cardiff net with 10 seconds remaining . The Giants had lost 4-3 to the Elite League champions on Saturday night in the first encounter of the double-header between the teams . The focus now shifts to the end-of-season play-offs with the Giants hosting Fife Flyers in their quarter-final in Belfast on Saturday 1 April ( 19:00 BST ) .	The Belfast Giants beat Cardiff Devils 5-3 on Sunday night to secure second place in the Elite League .
Scientists there have found exposure to sunlight releases a compound in the skin which can alleviate symptoms . The nitric oxide molecule dampens inflammation , which causes itchy skin associated with the condition . The researchers hope new treatments which mimic the effects of the sun could help replace light therapy , which can damage the skin . Lead researcher Dr Anne Astier said : `` Our findings suggest that nitric oxide has powerful anti-inflammatory properties and could offer an alternative drug target for people with eczema . '' Researchers exposed healthy volunteers to UV light , on a small patch of skin , and found nitric oxide was released into the bloodstream . The chemical activates specialised immune cells called regulatory T cells which dampen down inflammation . Prof Richard Weller , senior lecturer in dermatology at the University of Edinburgh , said : `` It is clear that the health benefits of sunlight stretch far beyond vitamin D and we are starting to fill in these blank spaces . '' The research is published in the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology .	New treatments for eczema could be developed following research carried out at the University of Edinburgh .
Emergency services , including HM Coastguard and the RNLI , were called to Trevaunance Cove at 18:25 BST . Paramedics attempted to treat the man , who was found on the beach , but he was pronounced dead at the scene and taken to Treliske Hospital , Truro , by helicopter . Police are not treating the death as suspicious and the next of kin have been informed .	A 42-year-old man died on Thursday when he fell from cliffs in St Agnes .
The Ospreys skipper 's current deal , agreed in March 2015 , was due to expire at the end of this season . The 30-year-old has played 94 times for Wales and in six Tests for the British and Irish Lions since making his debut for the regional side in 2005 . Confirmation of the new deal will follow , with Jones joining Dan Biggar and Rhys Webb in renewing a dual deal . Fly-half Biggar was the first player to renew his dual contract on 4 December , with Webb following suit . BBC Wales Sport has learned clubs from around the world showed an interest in securing Jones ' signature . Dual contracts are 60 % funded by the WRU and 40 % by the regions . Jones is one of the key players in the Welsh game . He is approaching 200 appearances for Ospreys and has been the first-choice lock under coach Warren Gatland since the New Zealander took over in 2007 . He has also captained Wales and led the Lions in the third Test against Australia in 2013 , when the tourists beat the Wallabies 41-16 to clinch a 2-1 Test series win .	Wales and Ospreys second row forward Alun Wyn Jones has agreed an extension to his national dual contract .
The Chairboys won the match 1-0 thanks to Gozie Ugwu 's goal . Both admitted to a charge of failing to ensure players behaved `` in an orderly fashion '' around the 41st minute , and one in relation to players/and or officials ' behaviour at full-time . Argyle have been fined £3,000 , while Wycombe must pay £2,500 . Plymouth chief executive Martyn Starnes told the club website : `` We were afforded a very fair hearing by the FA , who fully took into account our version of events . `` However , we were warned as to our future conduct after a similar incident at Exeter last February , and the FA looked at our five-year record which they described as'very poor ' . `` These factors were also taken into account and were contributory factors in inflating the amount of the fine which we would otherwise have received . ''	Plymouth and Wycombe have both been fined by the Football Association and warned about future conduct following their League Two match on 30 January .
The upgraded facility will allow vessels of up to 1,115ft ( 340m ) in length - it previously could take ships under a length of 985ft ( 300m ) . A spokesman said the work would `` future proof '' the port 's cruise business as the industry continued to grow . The first vessel expected to use the new extension is the Holland America Koningsdam on 11 May . Port chief executive Bill Reeves , said : `` The berth extension is to future proof our relationship with the cruise lines . `` Cruise lines and their visits are a significant part of our turnover so we have to make sure we can continue to service them and support them well into the future . '' The port said it was expecting 24 cruise ships in 2017 - 10 of which will be first time visitors - bringing a total of more than 36,000 passengers . The engineering project to create the longer berth has taken a year . Two concrete and steel platforms weighing 1,200 tonnes each have been attached to seven 23m-long piles , 9m-deep in the sea bed . The berth was officially opened by South Dorset MP Richard Drax	Portland Port in Dorset has unveiled a new Â£3m extended cruise berth that will allow it to accommodate larger ships .
The 18-year-old left-back , who is yet to make his debut for the Eagles , will be with the Reds until 2 January . Scales joined Palace last season and was promoted to their development squad towards the end of the campaign after impressing for the under-18 side . He becomes Crawley 's 12th signing of the summer transfer window , and their third loan acquisition . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Crawley Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Christian Scales on a youth loan deal .
The common marmosets were taken from the Balmakeith Drive area between 16:30 and 22:50 on Saturday . The monkeys are 12 months and 11 weeks old . Police said the oldest of the pair could be aggressive and give a serious bite or scratch . The theft came after a man had earlier turned up at the house where they are kept . He offered to buy the monkeys but was turned down . He was described as white , late 20s , short , medium build and had a roundish face .	Two small monkeys have been stolen from an enclosure in a garden in Nairn .
Transgender people and those of ambiguous sex will be able to list their gender as indeterminate , which will be shown on passports as an X . People whose gender was different from that of their birth were previously required to have reassignment surgery before they could change their passport to their preferred sex . An Australian senator , Louise Pratt - whose partner was born female and is now identified as a man - said the reform was a huge step forward . `` There have been very many cases of people being detained at airports by immigration in foreign countries simply because their passports do n't reflect what they look like , '' she told Australian radio . `` It 's very distressing , highly inconvenient and frankly sometimes dangerous . ''	Australians have been given a third choice when describing their gender on passport applications , under new guidelines aimed at removing discrimination .
The Warwickshire force said the officer had completed 15 years service with the police , most recently based in the north of the county . It said he was not named as this `` may risk identifying vulnerable witnesses involved with the investigation '' . The sergeant was dismissed `` with immediate effect for gross misconduct '' . There will be no criminal charges . More on this and other stories Coventry and Warwickshire It said the hearing , chaired by deputy chief constable Karen Manners , was heard in private due to the vulnerability of witnesses . The hearing followed a professional standards investigation that started after `` concerns were raised around how the officer had engaged with a number of women whilst on duty , '' police said . The force said following the hearing , which ended on Monday , the police sergeant was dismissed `` with immediate effect for gross misconduct '' . Det Supt Gary Watson , head of professional standards , said : `` The Misconduct Hearing found that the behaviour of the former Sergeant fell below the standards we expect from our officers and staff and amounted to a breach of the Standards of Professional Behaviour . `` This fell outside the expectations made clear in our Code of Ethics and it is for this reason he was dismissed . ''	A police sergeant has been sacked after concerns were raised around how he engaged with women whilst on duty .
Pauline Howie is to travel to Lochinver in Sutherland for the meeting later on Monday . Local residents and Assynt Community Council have concerns about patient transport to hospital in Inverness . They have said reaching the hospital by ambulance or public transport have become more difficult . Labour MSP Rhoda Grant has been involved in arranging the meeting in Lochinver . Patient transfers and emergency cover are to be discussed . In March , SNP MSP Gail Ross is to meet Ms Howie to discuss ambulance cover in Caithness and Sutherland , including the role SAS plays in a new maternity unit set up at Caithness General in Wick . The ambulance service said Ms Howie was looking forward to the discussions . The meetings also follow concerns about a shortage of emergency cover in parts of the Highlands . SAS said it worked closely with partners and communities to ensure it delivered a safe and effective service .	The chief executive of the Scottish Ambulance Service ( SAS ) is to meet community leaders to discuss ambulance provision in the west Highlands .
Ashraf Gharabli , of the jihadist Sinai Province group , died in a shootout in Cairo after security forces tried to arrest him , it added . Gharabli led several attacks , including the kidnapping and killing of a Croatian in August , it said . Authorities are investigating the group 's claim that it brought down a Russian airbus in Sinai recently . All 224 people on board were killed . Western officials say there is a strong possibility that a bomb exploded on the plane , though there has been no indication that Gharabli himself was involved . Gharabli was one of the most wanted militants in the country . His death was announced on the interior ministry 's official Facebook page . Egyptian officials say he had been behind the death of Croatian Tomislav Salopek , and a deadly explosion in the Italian consulate in Cairo in July . Sinai Province - formerly known as Ansar Beit al-Maqdis ( Supporters of Jerusalem ) - has been active in the Sinai peninsula since 2011 . It changed its name after pledging allegiance to so-called Islamic State in 2014 .	A leader of so-called Islamic State 's affiliate in northern Sinai has been killed , Egypt 's interior ministry says .
Official figures published by the Scottish government showed that 28 % of offenders were reconvicted in 2014/15 . Reconvictions have dropped by 19 % since 1997/98 . But the statistics also revealed that , of the people released from short-term prison sentences of six months or less , more than half ( 57 % ) were reconvicted within a year . Of those given a community payback order ( CPO ) , around a third ( 32.7 % ) were reconvicted . Justice secretary Michael Matheson said : `` These figures show we are continuing to make good progress on tackling reoffending - a key goal of this government 's justice strategy . `` The continued fall in reconvictions is down to hard work from partners across Scottish justice , working together to prevent offending and keep our communities safe . `` This is further evidence to back up our position that robust community sentences , particularly CPOs , are more effective at reducing reoffending than short custodial sentences . `` I want to see a Scotland where people are held to account for their offending behaviour , but are also given the opportunity to address the underlying causes of their offending behaviour and become contributing citizens in their communities . `` Our new model for community justice encourages that approach through its fundamental focus on preventing and reducing reoffending . ''	The number of people receiving a second conviction within a year has fallen to the lowest level for 18 years .
Citrus County Sheriff 's Office said the anonymous woman had used a specialist scent preservation kit . It can hold a person 's scent for up to seven years . In a Facebook post police said she stored the scent two-and-a-half years ago , and a picture of the jar showed it was dated January 2015 . Scent preservation kits involve rubbing a pad on a person 's underarm , then sealing it in a sterile jar so police dogs have a reliable scent to smell before looking for a missing person . Manufacturers say they work better and more quickly than articles of clothing , because they are not contaminated by other people 's smells or smells from the environment . Dogs have a stronger sense of smell than humans and working police dogs are trained to sniff out drugs , people and in some cases corpses . Some police forces around the world , including in China and Germany , have held scent samples from criminal suspects and crime scenes to help in their investigations . But there are concerns over a high failure rate ; in 2006 it was found that only a quarter of people indicated by dogs in New South Wales , Australia , turned out to be carrying drugs when they were searched . In this case , though , the missing person was found and the dog earned a celebratory ice cream .	A woman with dementia who went missing in Florida was found by a police dog in a matter of minutes , having bottled her scent in advance .
In a police interview played at the Old Bailey , Elizabeth Curtis , of Cornwall , said she was duped into transferring money from her bank accounts by callers pretending to be police officers . Yasser Abukar , Sakaria Aden , Mohamed Dahir and Ibrahim Farah deny conspiracy to commit fraud . All are in their 20s and from London . A fifth defendant , Mohamed Sharif Abokar , also in his 20s and from London , has pleaded not guilty to converting criminal property . In the police interview , Miss Curtis said she had received a series of phone calls from people claiming to be police officers who told her she had been the victim of bank fraud . She followed their instructions to transfer her money into account numbers given to her by the callers , she added . She said she was stunned to learn the calls were bogus and felt stupid to have been taken in . The court has heard that the alleged Â£600,000 fraud involved 18 pensioners from across the south of England , including Cornwall , Devon , Dorset , Bedfordshire , London and Kent .	A 73-year-old woman broke down in tears as she described how she lost Â£130,000 in an alleged phone scam targeting pensioners .
The hospital said the move was necessary after a difficult winter with a high level of admissions . In March , the Care Quality Commission called for action at the hospital . The Royal United Hospital NHS Trust said the extra consultants would ensure more senior expertise was available in the first 24 hours of admission . Francesca Thompson , Chief Operating Officer at the RUH said : `` The Royal United Hospital , similar to many other acute hospitals , experienced an extremely challenging winter with the number of emergency department attendances and admissions . '' The extra consultants would `` enable more responsive senior medical review over 24-hours and seven days a week '' , she added . The hospital had responded to the Care Quality Commission report saying the inspection had been carried out when the whole local healthcare system had been extremely busy and there was a shortage of beds in all acute hospitals and onward care within the community . The hospital trust provides 565 beds to a catchment population of some 500,000 covering Bath and the surrounding towns and villages in North East Somerset and Western Wiltshire .	Bath 's Royal United Hospital has announced plans to employ five extra consultants in its emergency department .
But it 's not the first movie prop that 's been sold for a lot of money . Here 's Newsround 's top of the props .	Dorothy 's famous blue and white dress from The Wizard of Oz has just been sold at auction for £1 million .
`` We 're with Corbyn '' adorned beaches across the county on Sunday as part of a project by artist Stacey Guthrie . The display follows a host of resignations from Mr Corbyn 's shadow cabinet and a motion of no confidence passed by 172 to 40 Labour MPs . Ms Guthrie said she had been `` overwhelmed '' by the response . `` We only put the action out about two days ago ... there has been between 120 and 150 people , '' Ms Guthrie said . She said she was inspired by a call to action by the grassroots Labour organisation Momentum to show support for Mr Corbyn . She added : `` The words will wash away , but the message wo n't . ''	Supporters of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn have written messages of solidarity in the sand at more than 40 beaches across Cornwall .
Close to 22,000 runners are predicted to take part in the race that will be shown on BBC Two Wales and online . Organisers say the numbers confirm Cardiff 's place as the UK 's second-biggest half marathon and claim it is the third-largest road race behind the Great North Run and London Marathon . There is also a new start time of 10:00 BST . `` With such strong competition from so many races across the UK , Run 4 Wales is delighted to be able to announce record entry figures for this year 's event , '' said Matt Newman , chief executive of the event organisers . `` We 've also assembled the best elite field in the race 's history and are confident we will see new event records in both the men 's and women 's competitions . ''	A record number of runners are set to take part in the Cardiff Half Marathon on Sunday , 2 October , say organisers .
Shaun Ferguson 's Renault Scenic collided with a car in which Eileen Lamb was a passenger at Old Hutton , Cumbria in April 2015 . Miss Lamb , from Endmoor , died 12 days later as a result of her injuries . Ferguson , 22 , of Ridge Square , Lancaster , was bailed and will return to Carlisle Crown Court for sentencing on 16 December . Adjourning the case for background reports Mr Justice Davis told Ferguson he would be sentenced by a different judge . He said : `` There are options open to him that could see you conceivably go to prison . ''	A man who admitted causing the death by careless driving of a 96-year-old woman has been warned he could be jailed .
Defender McGee , 29 , will now remain with Royals until June 2018 . McGee , who joined Reading from Portsmouth in 2014 , made 19 appearances for the club last season . `` I 'm really grateful to have been given the opportunity to continue my full-time career , '' McGee said . `` It 's a really exciting time to be at the club with the foundations laid last year . ''	Reading Women 's captain Kirsty McGee has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Values have been dropping since 2009 , the most sustained fall in 30 years , however estate agents denied the property bubble had burst . The average price of £375,000 for a two-bedroom house last year was the lowest recorded since 2007 . The States statistics unit said since the last peak in 2009 , average prices have fallen about 6 % . Katie Falle , from the unit , said : `` Since 2009 one and two-bedroom flats have held their value . `` However houses have lost more value on average . We 've seen four-bedroom houses fall on average by £50,000 . Three beds have come down by about £40,000 . '' Ms Falle said it was the most sustained fall in 30 years . Estate agents on the island denied the housing bubble had burst . Roger Trower , the managing director of Broadlands Estate Agents , said : `` Things were going flat out in 2007/8 . `` We had a 100 % mortgage product in the market which was supporting first-time buyers which was pushing everything else forward , then that was removed . `` Immediately the market had to readjust , so we 've been fairly static since that time . ''	House prices have fallen in Jersey for a sixth consecutive year , according to government figures .
Reports had suggested Connor was considering a new contract with Giants after they offered improved terms . Connor agreed to join Hull FC in June , but was waiting after his 22nd birthday in October to complete the move . Rugby league teams are entitled to compensation for players under the age of 22 who sign elsewhere having been offered terms at their current club . In a statement , the club said : `` The contract , which is signed by both the player and the club , was lodged and accepted by the Rugby Football League . `` This contract is legally binding and states that the player has signed for Hull FC and will join the club from the 1 December 2016 in preparation for the new season . `` If the contract is not fulfilled for any reason then the club will have to pursue legal proceedings for breach of that contract and for the inducement of that breach . ''	Hull FC have confirmed Huddersfield half-back Jake Connor has signed a contract to join them from 1 December .
Dorothy Cooper got out of her vehicle in a car park off Sandy Lane in Royton , Oldham at about 13:50 BST on Wednesday when she was told there was a problem with it , witnesses told police . As she was checking her white Hyundai i10 , a man allegedly jumped in and drove over her . A man , 45 , has been arrested on suspicion of assault . The car was found about three miles away in Buersil Avenue , Rochdale . The woman is being treated in hospital .	A 79-year-old woman has been seriously injured after a suspected carjacking in which she was run over by her own car .
Two civilians and two marines were killed when North Korea shelled Yeonpyeong island on 23 November 2010 . A memorial hall was opened on the island and military exercises held . North Korea had warned it would respond to any `` provocation '' , saying it regretted not sending the island `` to the bottom of the sea '' . `` It is the steadfast will of the service personnel not to miss the opportunity to do so if the warmongers perpetrate another provocation , '' an unidentified army spokesman was quoted as saying by state news agency KCNA . The South Korean drills involved marine and naval forces but did not include live-fire exercises . North Korea said the attack in 2010 was in response to a live-fire exercise that led to shells falling in its territorial waters . A commemoration ceremony was also held in Seoul . Yeonpyeong island , home to a military base and a small civilian population , lies 3km ( 2 miles ) from the disputed maritime border in the Yellow Sea and 12km from the North Korean coast . It has been the scene of inter-Korean naval clashes over the years . The Cheonan , a South Korean warship , sank in the disputed border area in March 2010 with the loss of 46 lives . Seoul says Pyongyang sank the ship - something North Korea denies .	South Korea has marked the anniversary of a deadly North Korean attack on a border island , amid further threats from its northern neighbour .
Brynamman outdoor pool closed in 2010 after getting a £20,000 repair bill . A committee has been formed with the goal of getting it reopened as an eco-friendly pool and a `` memories '' day is being held on Saturday . Committee chairwoman Jess Lerner said : `` We will use the day as a positive step towards remembering why we want the pool reopened . '' The pool was built during the depression of the early 1930s by out-of-work voluntary labourers and used to attract about 2,000 visitors each summer .	A group of people are trying to get a Carmarthenshire outdoor swimming pool reopened five years after it closed .
IRA members ambushed a mini-bus carrying the men in County Armagh and shot dead 10 of them after checking they were Protestants . Alan Black , who survived , said the latest delay was like groundhog day . The families said they are concerned at the imminent retirement of coroner John Leckey without a replacement appointed . They said they would be taking a judicial review into that . The families also highlighted the failure of the Garda Síochána ( Irish police ) to supply relevant documents , despite assurances from the Taoiseach Enda Kenny earlier this year . Kingsmills is among dozens of inquests dating from the early days of the Troubles that face delay because not enough money is available to investigate or there is nobody to oversee fresh hearings .	The families of the Kingmills massacre victims have said they are disappointed at the eighth adjournment of an inquest into the 1976 atrocity .
Media playback is not supported on this device	John Hartson recalls how Gary Speed urged him to fight former Wales boss Bobby Gould in training .
Hare coursing is an illegal pursuit which involves dogs chasing and killing hares . Police Scotland said the suspected incident had involved a group of men who were seen with dogs on land at Cadboll near Fearn . The group was seen acting suspiciously at about 14:30 on Sunday 29 January , police said .	Police are investigating a suspected incident of hare coursing in Easter Ross .
Macfarlane has conditionally agreed to buy Leicester-based Nelsons for Cartons and Packaging Ltd in a deal worth up to £6.75m . Macfarlane intends to raise £5.8m through a placing in order to fund the deal . In April , the group acquired Colton Packaging Teesside for up to £1.25m . Colton was part of Colton Packaging , an established regional distributor of protective packaging materials . Last year , Nelsons achieved revenues of about £7.9m , with an operating profit of about £800,000 . In a statement , Macfarlane said it had `` very little customer overlap '' with Nelsons , adding that the deal would increase its shelf-ready packaging product range . Chief executive Peter Atkinson said : `` The addition of Nelsons Packaging to the Macfarlane Group is another significant step forward in our growth strategy . `` Nelsons is a high-quality business and in addition to improving the Macfarlane presence in the East Midlands , the Nelson team bring specific expertise in corrugate packaging applications which will be of wider benefit to Macfarlane . ''	Glasgow-based Macfarlane Group is poised to make another acquisition in England as its continues to expand its packaging distribution business .
The company said the development near Meadowhall in Sheffield would create a further 200 construction jobs . Sheffield Council approved the plans at a meeting earlier . Ikea said it had been looking for many years for a `` large enough '' site in South Yorkshire . The Swedish furniture retailer hopes to open the new store at junction 34 of the M1 in 2016 . Steve Pettyfer , from Ikea , said : `` We are delighted that Sheffield City Council has supported our decision to come to Sheffield . `` It recognises the significant contribution an Ikea store will bring to the local economy and jobs market . ''	Plans for South Yorkshire 's first Ikea store have been approved by councillors , creating 400 jobs .
Bala Chinda , 26 , is alleged to have killed 36-year-old Nkechi - also known as Jessica - McGraa at a flat in Union Terrace in February 2016 . He is also accused of forcing her onto a bed and assaulting her , as well as attempting to defeat the ends of justice . Mr Chinda denies all the charges against him . At the High Court in Aberdeen , Mr Chinda was accused of inflicting blunt force trauma to Ms McGraa 's head and compressing her neck , forcing her face into a pillow and asphyxiating her . China is also alleged to have stolen a key and two mobile phones belonging to Ms McGraa and disposed of the phone used by him to contact her . He is said to have committed this offence to destroy evidence in an attempt to defeat the ends of justice . His trial is expected to last 10 days .	A man has gone on trial accused of raping and murdering a woman in Aberdeen .
Jordan Brennan was assaulted as he left the shop on Hyde Road , Gorton , at about 19:30 BST on Friday . Emergency services were called to his home the following morning after he was found unconscious in bed and he was pronounced dead at the scene . Police said a 17-year-old girl and a 16-year-old boy handed themselves into a police station and were arrested . A post-mortem examination later found the cause of his death was a head injury .	Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 17-year-old boy from Greater Manchester .
Her body was found in a residential building in the central city of Xi'an . The lift had been turned off by two maintenance workers on 30 January . The body was found when other workers arrived on 1 March . Police are treating the death as involuntary manslaughter . Several people have been arrested . One local report said scratches were found inside the lift , one of two inside the building . It is believed the woman was 43 years old and lived by herself in the building , the statement by Gaoling 's government said . Her family did not visit her often , it said . The workers had been called to fix a fault with the elevator and had shouted to see if anyone was inside . Their failure to check properly amounted to `` gross negligence '' , government officials said . The work on the broken lift was delayed partly because of the new year holidays .	A woman 's body was found inside a lift in China a month after it was improperly switched off , a regional government statement said .
Sian Hollands , 25 , died from a blood clot at Darent Valley Hospital in Dartford , Kent on 15 November 2015 . The NHS trust apologised to her family after a coroner said she could have lived , had she been treated properly . Previously , Dartford and Gravesham NHS Trust said it was trying to improve the care weaknesses raised at the inquest . Kent Police said it received a request to investigate the death on 11 April 2017 and officers were currently making inquiries . The force has declined to comment on who made the request . During the inquest , Gravesend Coroner 's Court heard the condition of the former drug user was put down to withdrawal after she went to hospital complaining of breathing difficulties and chest and stomach pain . Ms Hollands was given an electrocardiogram ( ECG ) and methadone and told she was being discharged . The hearing was told her partner refused to take her home because she was still unwell . Ms Hollands had a cardiac arrest in hospital . Dartford and Gravesham NHS Trust has declined to comment .	Police are considering whether a crime has been committed in the case of a mother who died hours after being told she was ready to leave hospital .
It came top of a list of the most Europhile local authority areas compiled by YouGov . The Vale of Glamorgan was said to be the most Eurosceptic area of Wales , and 27th most Eurosceptic in Britain . The YouGov map reflected the views of more than 80,000 people in England , Scotland and Wales who are members of its representative public panels .	Ceredigion has been named the least Eurosceptic area of Britain in a survey ahead of the EU referendum in June .
The controversial procedure involved widening a woman 's pelvis during childbirth . It is estimated up to 1,500 women underwent symphysiotomies between the mid-1940s and mid-1980s . The proposed legislation will allow women to seek legal redress in court . The legislation was introduced by Sinn Fein TD Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin , who is the convenor of the cross-party group of TDs working on the issue . The legislation proposed to set aside the statute of limitations for a year to allow victims to seek redress through the courts . Symphysiotomy was a procedure carried out on mothers before or after labour . The surgery increased the size of the pelvic area to allow easier delivery of a baby . The procedure , sometimes carried out without consent or with no information given about its risks , has since been linked with chronic conditions such as pain , incontinence and mobility problems . Its use began to decline in the late 1950s as confidence increased in the safety of repeated caesarean sections , but Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital in Drogheda , County Louth , continued with the procedure until 1984 .	A cross-party private members bill calling for the lifting of the statute of limitations for symphysiotomy survivors has passed unopposed in the Irish parliament ( Dáil ) .
The contract for the scheme - which will house secondary , primary and nursery pupils - was signed last week . Contractors Graham Construction are set to start work on site on 19 September with the campus expected to open to staff and students in June 2018 . Dumfries and Galloway Council said it was `` good to see progress '' with its plans for education in the town . The new campus includes : Councillor Jeff Leaver said : `` We want our young people to get the most from their education which means creating environments that stimulate and encourage learning . `` We are committed to creating schools that will deliver the highest standard of learning facilities that can benefit young people for years to come . '' The campus work costs have been estimated at about £28m with more than £6m also required to prepare the land involved .	Work will start next week on a new £28m education campus project in north west Dumfries .
A photographer has captured a stunning image of a halo that could be seen around the moon on Thursday night . Called a 22-degree halo , the large rings of light can be seen in certain conditions around the moon , and also the sun . Calum MacLean took his image in a field near Inverness . Haloes are caused by `` poorly orientated '' hexagonal ice crystals . Dr Edward Graham , a meteorologist at the University of the Highlands and Islands ' Lews Castle College in Stornoway , Lewis , said : `` Crystals actually often orientate themselves when falling . `` For example , try throwing a flat piece of paper downwards and it always moves into a laminar , flat orientation - just like a crystal . `` But in this case , turbulence might keep the crystals randomly orientated . '' He added : `` I think last night 's display was widespread across the whole of Scotland , it was good here in Stornoway too . ''	Image copyrighted .
The 39-year-old previously worked alongside Neilson 's assistant manager Stevie Crawford at Falkirk . Former Hearts midfielder McFarlane has since worked as assistant to Steven Pressley at Coventry and Fleetwood . He watched MK win their first league game under ex-Hearts boss Neilson on Saturday , a 1-0 win over AFC Wimbledon . `` Neil 's got really good experience of the league , having been at both Coventry and Fleetwood as assistant , '' said Neilson . `` He 's a great character and he works hard - that 's what you need . He 'll be hands on , helping with training and taking certain aspects of it . He 'll be a positive addition . ''	New MK Dons manager Robbie Neilson has added ex-Fleetwood assistant boss Neil MacFarlane to his staff as first-team coach at the League One side .
Monarch said the aircraft was forced to make an unscheduled landing at Sofia Airport at about 17:40 BST , where it was met by police . A spokesperson said six people were removed before the plane continued its journey . They refused to confirm reports those arrested had been drunk . The flight is believed to have now landed at its scheduled destination , Dalaman Airport in Turkey , Monarch said .	A flight from Birmingham to Turkey had to be diverted to Bulgaria after a `` disturbance '' broke out on board .
The 20-year-old has signed a deal to run until 2018 after coming through the Warriors youth system . Hampshire , who can also play at stand-off or hooker , scored twice in his 15 outings during the 2015 season . `` Firstly I am delighted to sign a contract extension with Wigan , '' he told the club website . `` Kris Radlinski and Ian Lenagan have assured me that I have a big future with Wigan and I appreciate the club 's support at this stage . `` I am excited in joining Castleford on loan - being in a new environment at a club that is aiming high will no doubt be good . ''	Wigan Warriors full-back Ryan Hampshire has agreed a new three-year contract , but is to join Castleford on a season-long loan deal for 2016 .
Priscilla Berry , 39 , vanished from her home in Mochdre , Conwy county , in 1978 but North Wales Police believe her body was later discovered off the coast . They traced family members after a public appeal last week and now hope new DNA techniques can close the case . The woman 's body was interred in a local cemetery but was not identified . Det Con Don Kenyon , who is leading the investigation , said : `` We will now work with the family in the hope of bringing them some closure . `` The news of renewed police involvement in the case has clearly caused them some distress and reawakened memories of the time when Mrs Berry went missing . '' Police are trying to identify several human remains discovered in the region over the last five decades , including those of a man aged in his 30s whose body was recovered from the sea off Anglesey in 1983 . Criminality is not suspected in any of the cases and Operation Orchid was launched to `` identify , reunite and allow the dignity of a funeral service for family and friends to pay their respects '' . New police inquiries with the National Missing Persons Bureau identified Mrs Berry as a possible match with the remains found in the sea off Llandudno on 2 January 1980 .	DNA samples are to be taken from the family of a woman who went missing 36 years ago to see if they match remains found in the sea in 1980 .
Gwent Police responded to a call for help from the ambulance service at an address in Nelson Road , near Ystrad Mynach railway station , at 17:45 BST on Tuesday . Officers found a woman 's body and her death is being treated as suspicious . A 47-year-old man was arrested at the scene and is receiving hospital treatment for minor injuries . The woman 's family are being supported by specialist officers .	A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 75-year-old woman 's body was found in Caerphilly county .
The incident happened in August 2015 in Belfast city centre . The man had complained that he had stopped and given himself up before the Taser gun was used . However , the Police Ombudsman Dr Michael Maguire said the officer 's actions were `` justified '' , given he was alone in a dimly-lit street . Dr Maguire added that the officer had reported that he was not sure if the man was stopping to give himself up , or to prepare for an attack . The Police Ombudsman has also ruled that officers were justified in using Taser stun guns in three other incidents in Belfast , Portadown and Antrim . Dr Maguire said that in each case , the use of Taser stun guns had been `` lawful , justified and proportionate '' , given the risks posed to officers by the situations they faced .	PSNI officers were justified in using a Taser stun gun during the arrest of a man armed with a samurai sword , the Police Ombudsman has said .
Henry Emmanuel was employed as a payroll manager by the university when he carried out the offence . Edinburgh Sheriff Court heard he put in a false claim for £14,000 - then tried to have it rushed through . Emmanuel was given a community payback order with 200 hours unpaid work , and was told his conduct was `` disgraceful '' . The court heard that the payroll manager created a false invoice for stuffing and mounting dead animals on 3 August 2015 and said there would be a complaint if it was not paid . Fiscal depute Alex Piper told the court that the university investigated and Emmanuel eventually admitted what he had done . Miss Piper said Emmanuel , 37 , of Bathgate , West Lothian , claimed he had only put forward the fictitious invoice to highlight a fault in the university 's payroll system . Sheriff William Taylor QC imposed a community payback order with 200 hours unpaid work in the community . He said : `` The reason was greed . He thought he could get money for nothing . `` I thought seriously about sending you to prison . For this kind of disgraceful conduct you deserve to be punished '' .	An Edinburgh University worker tried to defraud the institution out of £14,000 by submitting a fictitious invoice for taxidermy services , a court heard .
After already triggering a one-year extension , 24-year-old Stewart has committed to a further two years , keeping him at Adams Park until the summer of 2020 . Williams , 19 , moves to the League Two club on a five-month loan . He has appeared for the Chairboys in two pre-season friendlies . Wycombe finished ninth last season and start the new campaign with a home game against Lincoln City on Saturday . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Wycombe have signed QPR full-back Jack Williams on loan , while fellow defender Anthony Stewart has signed a new contract with the League Two club .
The action alleges `` loss and damage '' because shareholders had been led to believe that profits would be higher . Myer said in a statement that it `` denies the claim and will defend the litigation vigorously '' . The firm 's shares fell by as much as 6 % in Sydney . The litigant , a Melbourne lawyer , is hoping to bring a class action lawsuit . Last week , Myer 's new chief executive , Richard Umbers , warned that underlying net profit was expected to fall to between $ 75m and $ 80m this year , which was below analysts ' forecasts . The more than century-old company has has been struggling in recent years to compete with online shopping outlets and foreign brands such as Zara and Topshop . Mr Umbers , who was appointed earlier this month after his predecessor stepped down , has said the firm had `` lost relevance with some customers '' . `` We acknowledge that in recent years , cost growth has outpaced sales growth , and profits have declined , '' he said during their last earnings release . `` Digitisation has both empowered the consumer and created new channels to market . Customers have changed the way they shop and their expectations of retailers have changed significantly . '' Melbourne-based Myer said it would release the details of a strategy review later this year .	Australia 's largest department store group , Myer Holdings , is being sued by a shareholder after the firm posted a 23 % fall in profit .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 24 April 2015 Last updated at 22:16 BST The constituency includes England 's smallest city and its 12th Century cathedral , Glastonbury - famous for its music festival - the Mendip Hills , Cheddar Gorge and the Somerset Levels . BBC reporter David Garmston finds out more about this constituency , won by the Liberal Democrats in 2010 and which the Conservatives have declared as a target seat for 2015 .	Wells is a large , mainly rural Somerset seat stretching from the Bristol Channel in the west , to Shepton Mallet and Glastonbury in the east .
The news was confirmed at the Star Wars Celebration fan event in London , where the 26-year-old actor made a surprise appearance . He told the audience he was `` very , very excited '' about being cast in the role made famous by Harrison Ford . Ehrenreich 's casting has been rumoured for months . Earlier this year he appeared in the Coen brothers ' comedy Hail , Caesar ! . The American was chosen to play the space smuggler after the filmmakers saw around 3,000 actors for the part . `` I auditioned for about six months , '' Ehrenreich revealed on stage . `` The coolest part of the audition process was I went on the [ Millennium ] Falcon . '' The as-yet-untitled movie will begin filming in the UK in early 2017 . It will cover events in Han Solo 's life before his appearance in the original 1977 Star Wars film , A New Hope . It will be directed by Phil Lord and Chris Miller , whose previous films include The Lego Movie . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram , or email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Alden Ehrenreich will play the young Han Solo in a Star Wars spin-off movie .
The 20-year-old , who has been capped six times by her country , made her debut against Hungary in March . She joins Republic of Ireland team-mate , goalkeeper Emma Byrne , at the Women 's Super League One side . `` We are delighted to welcome Katie to the club . She is a fantastic young talent , full of potential , '' said Arsenal manager Pedro Martinez Losa . `` I look forward to her continued progress with us in the season ahead . ''	Arsenal Ladies have agreed a deal to sign Republic of Ireland forward Katie McCabe from Shelbourne FC .
Traffic Scotland said the Skerrington roundabout in Cumnock was closed after the incident on Wednesday afternoon . It is not yet known if anyone has been injured . A local diversion has been put in place through Cumnock .	A section of the A76 in Ayrshire has been closed after a lorry overturned , spilling glue over the carriageway .
A mother was in the B & M store at Aberdeen 's Kittybrewster retail park with her child when the incident happened on Saturday afternoon . She sought staff help for the 14-month-old and between them the baby 's hands were loosened from the trolley . It was found that other trolleys had been targeted at the front of the shop . Store manager Dave Farquharson said an investigation had been launched to track down the culprits , including reviewing CCTV footage . He said : `` I really do n't understand the mindset of individuals who would have thought it would have been a prank . ''	An investigation has been launched after a baby 's hands got stuck on a shop trolley which had been smeared with fast-setting glue .
Sir Tony Cunningham , who was knighted two years ago , has represented the constituency since 2001 . The 61-year-old said he felt it was the right time to go and he planned to spent more time with his family . Labour held the seat with a 4,575 majority in the last election and it will now begin a selection process for a candidate to defend it in May 2015 . Locally-born Sir Tony was a teacher , local councillor , then mayor of Workington and became an MEP in 1994 . Fellow Cumbrian MP Tim Farron , who holds the Westmorland and Lonsdale seat for the Liberal Democrats , tweeted : `` Sorry to hear that Tony Cunningham has decided to stand down at the next election . `` He was a great MP & a kind , thoughtful and decent man . ''	The Labour MP for Workington has announced he will stand down at the next general election .
Paddy Madden latched on to Jim O'Brien 's through ball to put the hosts ahead with his 20th goal of the season . Chesterfield could have levelled before the break when goalkeeper Luke Daniels tipped Connor Dimaio 's shot over . But Campbell-Ryce , who joined the club on loan from Sheffield United prior to kick-off , salvaged a draw for the visitors from Jay O'Shea 's cross . Media playback is not supported on this device Scunthorpe manager Nick Daws told BBC Radio Humberside : `` Today we have n't created enough chances and we 've not forced Tommy Lee to make enough saves . I thought we opened them up and showed what a good side we can be . `` We lacked a little bit of energy and that 's not been up recently and I thought we looked a little bit lethargic and a little bit stretched . `` We turned the ball over too many times and that gave Chesterfield opportunities . ''	Debutant Jamal Campbell-Ryce rescued a point for Chesterfield with his first touch of the game against Scunthorpe .
Work began last September to re-model the road near the Posthouse roundabout and the Â£5.3m overhaul was due to be completed by March . But the Highways Agency said work would now finish on 10 May , blaming drainage and bridge strengthening problems . Wrexham MP Ian Lucas said the road works have caused major disruption . He said : `` While it was inevitable that some delays will occur when a large project like this is carried out , I do think that there have been real problems with the way these works have been managed . '' Last month , the agency said a 24hour a day operation was under way to complete the road by March . But it has now admitted the deadline will not be met . `` We are sorry about the delay to the completion of the scheme and we understand the frustrations felt by drivers experiencing delays at the junction , '' a Highways Agency spokesman said . `` We will continue to work closely with our contractors to minimise the impact on road users in the area . ''	Road works between the A55 and A483 on the Chester-Wrexham border will take almost six weeks longer than expected to complete .
20 January 2016 Last updated at 14:28 GMT It also now has significant new powers over the civil service and the judiciary . The European Parliament President Martin Schulz , a German centre-left politician , has referred to the changes as a `` dangerous Putinisation of European politics '' . The conservative Law and Justice ( PiS ) government , was elected in October . For BBC Newsnight , Katie Razzall reports from Warsaw . You can follow Newsnight on Twitter , Facebook and YouTube	Poland is under pressure from the European Union after the government approved laws allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public TV and radio .
The family of Dafydd Tudur said he gave them `` wonderful years of happiness '' and his death would leave `` a huge gap '' . Mr Tudur , 27 , was walking on the A487 Y Felinheli bypass when he was hit by a car at 03:20 GMT . Police appealed for witnesses to the incident , which saw three people travelling in the vehicle taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd with minor injuries . Mr Tudur was an Aberystwyth University law graduate who worked as a solicitor at Tudur Owen Roberts Glynne and Co in Bangor . Originally from Rhandir , Morfa Nefyn , he later moved to Y Felinheli . In a family statement , his father Gareth Tudor Morris Jones said : `` This has been a huge shock to us all . There will be a huge gap in our family after Dafydd Tudur , but we also give thanks for twenty seven wonderful years full of happiness that we had with him . ''	Tributes have been paid to a Gwynedd man who died following a road traffic collision on Sunday .
The Spanish striker joined for a club record £15.5m from Atletico Madrid in August , 2016 , but only scored once . Borja , 24 , almost joined Villarreal on loan in January , but the move fell through . Malaga , who finished 11th in La Liga last season , wanted a replacement for Sandro Ramirez who has joined Everton . Borja made 18 Premier League appearances in the 2016/17 season , just four of which were starts and featured twice in the cups . His one Swans goal came in the 3-2 defeat at Arsenal last October . The Swans are also monitoring South Korea midfielder Ki Sung-Yueng , who has had minor surgery on a knee injury . Ki picked up his injury in South Korea 's Asian World Cup qualifier against Qatar . He will remain in South Korea to continue his rehabilitation , before returning to Swansea after Paul Clement 's squad return from their pre-season tour to America . The club 's medical team have been to South Korea to assess him following the operation . The injury is not expected to keep him out long term .	Swansea City have confirmed record signing Borja Baston has signed for Malaga on a season-long loan deal .
The attacker seized one of the guards ' weapons before other guards killed him , a presidential spokesman said . He said the man appeared to be `` mentally unstable '' . President Omar al-Bashir was not there at the time . Mr Bashir first seized power in a coup in 1989 , and announced last month he would run for office again next year . Press secretary Emad Ahmed said the assailant did not respond to calls to stop before he was shot dead by guards . The International Criminal Court ( ICC ) , which Sudan does not recognise , has indicted President Bashir for genocide in the Darfur region . He denies the charges . The African Union ( AU ) has backed Mr Bashir in his rejection of The Hague-based court 's indictment . It argues that as a serving head of state , he enjoys presidential immunity .	Two security guards have been killed by a man armed with a knife outside Sudan 's presidential palace in the capital Khartoum , officials say .
Police searched a property in Cowdenbeath on 29 July as part of an intelligence-led operation . Several items were found , which expert analysis suggested came from a leopard and a large bear . The man has been charged under the Control of Trade in Endangered Species ( Enforcement ) Regulations . A report has been sent to the fiscal . Lindsay Kerr , a wildlife and environmental crime officer with Police Scotland , said : `` It is really quite rare , particularly in this part of the world , for someone to be involved in this kind of illegal and very damaging trade . `` However , acting on intelligence , Police Scotland and the National Wildlife Crime Unit carried out a thorough investigation and have arrested a 49-year-old man who is due to appear in court at a later date . `` My advice to anyone who is involved in the illegal sale of protected species is not to take the risk . It is a criminal offence and we investigate all reports of wildlife crime with the aim of ensuring that those involved in any black market activities are arrested . ''	A 49-year-old man has been arrested over an attempt to sell protected animal parts online .
He said India had `` set an example for the world in holding the largest democratic election in history '' . The 36-day , nine-phase polls ended on Monday . The Election Commission said voter turnout was a record 66.38 % . The main contest is between the Congress and the main opposition BJP . Votes will be counted on 16 May . `` India has set an example for the world in holding the largest democratic election in history , a vibrant demonstration of our shared values of diversity and freedom , '' Mr Obama said in a statement . `` We look forward to the formation of a new government once election results are announced and to working closely with India 's next administration to make the coming years equally transformative . '' The election began on 7 April and has been held in nine phases for security and logistical reasons . With 814 million eligible voters , it is the world 's biggest exercise in democracy . A number of exit polls are suggesting that BJP leader Narendra Modi , the leader of India 's main opposition BJP , is on course to win the general election . The BJP dominated the campaign but analysts warn that exit polls have often been wrong in the past .	US President Barack Obama has congratulated India on its marathon general election and pledged to work closely with the next government .
Webb , 33 , was appointed O 's manager on Sunday after Andy Edwards resigned to take a youth coaching job with England . Former Arsenal trainee Riza , 37 , and sports scientist Amoah will now work alongside the former Southend striker . `` From the outside it looks like a very inexperienced staff , but they know how I work , '' Webb told BBC Radio London . `` The players are buying into training and what we are trying to get across to them . '' Orient are 23rd in the League Two table , one point from safety , but with a game in hand on four of the five sides above them . Webb takes charge of his first game on Saturday , when Carlisle are the visitors to the Matchroom Stadium . `` If we can keep them in the Football League it will be a good achievement for everyone , '' Webb added . `` Regardless of the poor results and where we are in the table we have some good players , some good fans and a good stadium . We should n't be written off yet . ''	New Leyton Orient boss Danny Webb has promoted Omer Riza and Michael Amoah from the club 's academy set-up to become part of his first-team staff .
The Spanish right-back , 35 , was an ever-present in the league last season and takes over from Gordon Greer . `` Bruno is hugely respected by everyone in the squad , throughout the club , and by the fans , '' manager Chris Hughton told the Seagulls ' website . `` He 's a fantastic professional and sets a superb example on and off the pitch . He stood in for Gordon Greer last season and he was the obvious choice . '' Bruno was signed by Albion in 2012 after leaving Valencia and has made 148 appearances for the Sussex club . `` I 'm really proud and it 's a big responsibility for me , '' he said . `` It 's about being an example for the young lads and the rest of the players . ''	Bruno has been installed as Brighton 's captain for the coming season .
The man was struck on Lanark Road , at the junction with Baberton Crescent , at about 14:45 . His condition has not been revealed . The road has been closed at the Gillespie crossroads while police investigations continue .	A 74-year-old man has been hit by a lorry on a street in Edinburgh .
The project will use software that can check the distribution of force during everyday activity on prosthetics fitted under the knee . The study is looking for people with a prosthetic leg fitting under the knee who are able to walk unaided . PhD student Giulia Zedda said it could lead to adjustments that will improve the overall comfort of patients . Participants will have an hour of testing , during which they will walk 10m ( 33ft ) at normal speed over the course of the session . Ms Zedda said : `` The prosthetic fitting is one of the most important processes in the treatment of amputees . `` The purpose of this study is to provide more information about how the prosthetic works for the patient in both stationary and moving states . `` The results of this project will provide useful information to clinicians and amputees during prosthetic fitting in clinical practice and for better physiotherapy rehabilitation . ''	Leg amputees are being sought for a Dundee University study aimed at improving prosthetics .
It follows reports of dog fouling and damage at the Camperdown and Caird Park courses . Dogs can still be walked across the courses but not if owners are playing a round of the game at the time . A spokesman for Leisure and Culture Dundee said the rules were changed on 20 April . He said : `` This change reflects the concerns of many players and staff about dog fouling and damage being caused to the courses , particularly greens and bunkers . `` The new management rules , which do not affect the Right to Roam legislation , are clearly signed at the courses and on the Leisure and Culture Dundee website . `` Most golf courses in Scotland do not allow players to bring dogs with them . ''	Golfers at Dundee 's public courses have been banned from bringing their dogs with them after complaints from fellow players and staff .
The day ticket costing £10 for adults , £7 for children and £25 for a family is aimed at providing affordable public transport on the TrawsCymru network . Economy Secretary Ken Skates hailed it as `` an exciting opportunity '' to boost use of the government-funded service . TrawsCymru buses carried more than two million passengers last year . `` The new TrawsCymru Day Ticket is an exciting opportunity to encourage people across Wales to enjoy this fantastic public transport service and travel Wales , '' said Mr Skates . `` The ticket represents a significant saving for those looking to make long distance journeys and , hopefully , facilitate more hop-on hop-off travel across Wales too - boosting tourism and local economies in the process . '' The scheme allows unlimited travel on T1 , T2 , T3 , T4 , T5 , T9 services and on the X85 service between Newtown and Machynlleth .	New tickets offering unlimited long distance bus travel across Wales are being launched with hopes of boosting tourism and the economy .
Authorities in the US say the 24-year-old is tentatively booked on a BA flight to London . The plane was forced to land in Boston after the man allegedly became unruly . Massachusetts State Police said he would be summoned to appear in court accused of interfering with the flight crew of the Boeing 777 at a later date . U.S. Customs and Border Protection ( CPB ) said in a statement : `` A 24-year-old Scottish man is tentatively booked on a Sunday British Airways flight departure to London . `` Privacy laws prohibit CBP from revealing the subject 's identity or details of his admissibility review . `` The Massachusetts State Police ( MSP ) has issued a summons to the subject for interfering with a flight crew . The summons requires him to return to Massachusetts for a court appearance . '' A British Airways spokeswoman said : `` Our customers and crews deserve to enjoy their flights , and not to suffer any form of abuse . `` Disruptive behaviour will not be tolerated , and the appropriate action will always be taken . `` We 'd like to apologise for the delay to the other customers on the flight . ''	A Glasgow man detained after a flight from London to Florida was diverted because of a disturbance on-board , should return to the UK on Sunday .
Emilie from Pontypool , Torfaen , was born with a partially-formed left hand . Designers at Cardiff Metropolitan University used a template to print her prosthetic hand over three days before combining it with Velcro and wires within two hours . Her mother , Sade , said : `` There 's not a lot that Emilie ca n't do ... But her new hand will mean she wo n't feel shy about her disability anymore . '' Emilie 's family heard about the technology on social media after the university designed a hand for five-year-old Cian from Llwynypia , Rhondda Cynon Taff . And Cian has helped show Emilie how her new hand works - it is operated by bending their wrists . Martijn Gommeren from the university said : `` We are now developing a programme to teach Emilie and Cian 's families how to use the software and printers to enable them to make a new one when needed . ''	An eight-year-old girl has been given a new hand , made with a 3D printer .
The A12 was closed northbound in Bucklesham , Suffolk , following a crash between a tractor and a car just after 09:00 BST . Suffolk Police said the drivers of both vehicles were taken to hospital . The road was also blocked in Mountnessing , Essex , following a crash involving two cars and a motorbike . Essex Fire and Rescue Service said three crews were at the scene on the London-bound carriageway , along with an air ambulance . An Essex Police spokeswoman said the crash happened just before 12:00 BST and four people , whose injuries were not believed to be life threatening , had been taken to hospital .	A trunk road has been blocked by two separate crashes , one of which resulted in a tractor driver suffering life-threatening injuries .
Officers were alerted to 16 incidents across Glasgow , West Dunbartonshire and Central Scotland , between 13:30 and 16:00 on Friday , One incident is being treated as a serious assault . A black Audi A4 , which police said may be the car involved , was later found on fire in Croftamie , Stirlingshire . The suspects were both described as being white and between 20 and 30 years old . One of them had a shaved head . The first incident took place in Greendyke Street in Glasgow City Centre , with others reported in Knightswood , Bearsden , Milngavie , Clydebank and the Stirlingshire area . Det Insp Mark McLennan said : `` The behaviour of these two men was absolutely shocking and they showed complete and utter disregard for the safety of the innocent people they targeted , some of whom sustained painful injuries . `` Police Scotland will not tolerate this type of reckless conduct and extensive inquiries are under way to trace the callous individuals responsible . `` Officers are currently examining CCTV footage , conducting door-to-door inquiries and there will also be a forensic examination of the car that was recovered . '' He appealed to anyone with information about the attacks to contact the police .	A man suffered a facial injury and others were left with minor injuries after two men drove around firing a paintball gun at members of the public .
29 September 2015 Last updated at 16:17 BST Ultimate Frisbee is now a global sport , with the Great Britain team recently taking gold at the 2015 European Championships in Denmark . BBC Look North 's Olivia Richwald went along to a Sheffield Steal training session to learn the basics .	A trip to the beach or the park can often involve a casual game of frisbee , but an increasing number of people are taking it a bit more seriously .
The 63-year-old was airlifted to Glasgow 's Southern General after the aircraft came down near the airstrip at Kingarth at about 15:45 on Saturday . He died on Sunday morning . The other person on board , a 52-year-old man , was taken to the Royal Alexandra Hospital and remains in a critical condition . The cause of the crash is being probed . It is believed the plane came down about 1km from the airstrip , in the south of the island . Police Scotland said it was working closely with the Air Accidents Investigation Branch . It has asked for any video or mobile phone footage which may help with the inquiry . The 63-year-old 's relatives have been informed of his death and a report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	A man who was on board a light aircraft which crashed on the Isle of Bute has died in hospital .
A train driver reported seeing a person throwing kittens from undergrowth on a foot-crossing close to Lingwood station , near Norwich . British Transport Police ( BTP ) found a dead cat along with one dead kitten . Four other kittens recovered alive were treated for cuts . The BTP has launched an appeal to track down the person responsible . Sgt Alan Bowell said : `` No animal should ever be subjected to such cruelty . `` Thankfully , not all the kittens were killed during this dreadful ordeal and are being well looked after . '' The train was travelling between Norwich and Great Yarmouth . BTP said it is believed the cat had died some time before the incident at 17:20 BST on 15 September . The four surviving kittens were taken to Foxy Lodge Wildlife Rescue in Hemsby and two have since been rehomed . An RSPCA spokesman said : `` This sounds like a horrific incident for these poor kittens . `` Deliberate cruelty to animals is unacceptable . ''	Kittens were thrown at a train in what police described as a `` horrendous '' incident .
The raider burst into the Lloyds branch in Station Road , New Milton at about 15:30 BST while customers were inside . He `` made a threat he had a weapon '' but did not produce one , Insp Scott Johnson from Hampshire Constabulary said . No one was injured and police , who have not revealed the exact amount stolen , are taking witness statements and analysing CCTV footage .	A robber got away with a `` significant '' amount of money in a raid on a high street bank in Hampshire .
Just seven of the 42 people on board survived when their plane crashed into Winter Hill in Lancashire in thick fog on 27 February 1958 . The tragedy came just three weeks after the Munich air disaster . Most on board were mechanics , engineers and motor traders from the Isle of Man who were on their way to visit the Exide battery factory in Manchester . A service , organised by the Rotary Club of Douglas , was held this morning at the Winter Hill Memorial in St John 's . A spokesman said it was an opportunity to `` remember those who lost their lives and their loved ones . '' He added : `` It was also a chance to give thanks to the residents of Horwich . '' Horwich Rotary Club members were among the first on the scene in 1958 and were heavily involved in rescue attempts . Emergency crews dug through 6ft ( 2m ) snowdrifts to reach the injured .	A memorial service to commemorate the 35 victims of the Winter Hill air disaster has been held on the island .
The Ffestiniog and Welsh Highland Railway - the UK 's longest heritage line - completed the £1.3m redevelopment of Porthmadog Harbour Station in 2014 . Work on the new station , which it is hoped will increase visitor numbers by 5,000 , could begin in winter 2016-2017 . The railway said the hunt for funding was `` now happening '' . Since the railway opened in Caernarfon in 1997 - initially running just 3 m ( 5km ) to Dinas , before extending to Porthmadog in 2011- its station has been a temporary structure . Dafydd Thomas , chairman of the Welsh Highland Railway Society , said : `` The plans for a new Caernarfon station building continue to make progress and the detailed process of gaining the necessary funding is now happening . '' The development will use land already occupied by the railway 's temporary station and car parks . It will create extra jobs and safeguard existing ones , the railway said .	A historical steam railway in Gwynedd has unveiled the latest designs for a new £2m station in Caernarfon .
The 28-year-old midfielder left the Addicks in May following a three-year spell at The Valley in which he scored four goals in 89 appearances . The former Hayes & Yeading player has agreed a two-year deal with the O 's . Pritchard becomes the first player to join Orient following Francesco Becchetti 's takeover of the League One club earlier this week . Pritchard is Orient manager Russell Slade 's second signing of the summer after the arrival of goalkeeper Adam Legzdins from Derby .	Leyton Orient have signed Bradley Pritchard on a free transfer following his departure from Charlton Athletic .
A new pitch has been laid at Berlin 's Olympic Stadium to replace the damaged surface after the Irish band performed a concert there on 12 July . And a spokesperson for the stadium has confirmed to BBC Sport that U2 have paid about 90,000 euros ( £80,000 ) towards the total cost of 130,000 euros ( £116,000 ) . Hertha host Liverpool on Saturday , 29 July in a friendly to mark both clubs ' 125th anniversaries . `` The pitch will be in perfect condition for the game , '' Olympic Stadium spokesperson Christoph Meyer said . `` We 've done this a lot of times , sometimes even one day before a match . ''	Liverpool have rock band U2 to thank for a friendly with Hertha Berlin going ahead as planned next week .
Zdenek Makar , from the Czech Republic , died from head injuries near All Saints DLR station in Poplar on Wednesday night . The 29-year-old was charged on Sunday and will appear before Thames magistrates on Monday . Two others arrested , aged 19 and 16 , were released on bail until early October pending police inquiries .	A man has been charged with murdering a 31-year-old after an alleged disagreement at a fried chicken shop .
Emergency services were called out to the incident at about 21:15 on Friday at an area near Enterkinfoot known as Hell 's Cauldron . A silver Audi A3 car which had been broken down and parked for `` several weeks '' at the location was on fire . Police have asked anybody who saw anyone or any vehicles in the area around that time to contact them .	Police say they are treating a car fire in a layby on the A76 in Dumfries and Galloway as `` suspicious '' .
The 32-year-old flanker has made 156 appearances for Ulster , having made his debut in 2009 . He has won 24 caps for Ireland since his international debut against Australia in 2010 . Henry said he wanted to be part of the successful future director of rugby Les Kiss was trying to build at Ulster . `` We have a core group of experienced players and a developing pathway of talented youngsters coming through , '' said Henry . `` I want to deliver on the pitch for Ulster but I also want to ensure that I 'm assisting the academy players , who have aspirations to play professional rugby . '' In November 2014 Henry suffered a mini-stroke but , after heart surgery , was able to resume playing the following March . `` Chris has been unfortunate with injuries and illness over the past couple of seasons but he has worked extremely hard to get back , '' said Kiss . `` He has been a key player for us for a number of years and represents everything that is good about Ulster . `` The player market is becoming increasingly competitive as a result of big budgets in France and England , but I am delighted we have been able to retain Chris until at least the summer of 2019 . ''	Ulster back-row forward Chris Henry has signed a new two-year contract which will keep him at the Kingspan Stadium until June 2019 .
The victim , aged in his 30s , was assaulted after a group of four or five men entered his home in Montrose Road , Tuebrook , through a rear patio door at about 20:30 GMT on Wednesday . He was forced into a Range Rover before he was later dumped at Bootle Docks , Merseyside Police said . The victim was treated for injuries to his leg and face . The vehicle was later found in Church Walk , Bootle , and recovered for analysis . Det Insp Richie Jones said the incident `` would have been shocking to witness '' and urged anyone who may have seen a man being bundled into a vehicle to contact them .	A man was abducted from his home and assaulted by a masked gang in Liverpool .
Two adults and three children were found in the back of the vehicle close to the Darenth interchange at Junction 2 , police said . They were taken into custody and later handed over to Home Office immigration officers . Kent Police were called to the scene at 13:30 BST on Saturday .	A group of suspected migrants have been discovered in a lorry travelling on the M25 in Kent .
That sparked a sharp sell-off in mining and commodities shares . The FTSE 100 closed 0.92 % lower at 6,125 points . Miners , which had rallied on Monday , were hit , with Glencore down 18 % and Anglo American down 15 % . Burberry shares were the main FTSE 100 riser on news that a mystery investor had amassed almost 5 % of the stock . The luxury retailer jumped 6.6 % after reports that unnamed investor had built the stake ahead of a possible takeover bid . Meanwhile , the price of Brent crude oil rose to a three month high of $ 41.48 a barrel in early trading , but ended the day down 2.9 % at $ 39.67 . On the currency markets , the pound was three cents lower against the dollar at $ 1.4233 , and was down 0.42 % against the euro at â‚¬1.2900 . Analysts said that uncertainty over the state of China 's economy is unsettling investors . `` Global markets have been rattled by the sharp decline in China 's exports which reinforced the lingering concerns over the slowing pace of growth in the world 's second largest economy , '' said FXTM research analyst Lukman Otunuga .	( Close ) : The FTSE 100 fell for the second session in a row , hit by overnight figures showing a 25 % fall in Chinese exports last month .
Blissett , nephew of former Watford and England forward Luther , was released by Bristol Rovers earlier this month after completing a loan spell with Lincoln . The 25-year-old scored six goals in 29 games for the Pirates after signing from Kidderminster in November 2014 . Blissett was also sent out on loan to Tranmere in August , scoring one goal in five National League games .	National League side Torquay United have signed striker Nathan Blissett until the end of the season .
Hundred of torch bearers have paraded through the streets of Lerwick , before burning a replica Viking galley . This year 's Guizer Jarl - festival leader - is joiner Lyall Gair , who headed the parade . It is the biggest procession of its kind in Europe and celebrates the islands ' Viking heritage . Hundreds of visitors from around the world arrive in the islands for the event . The festival is a descendant of the ancient feast of Yule - which the Vikings held to celebrate the rebirth of the sun . Are you at Up Helly Aa ? Do you have pictures or videos of the fire festival ? Send them to the BBC Scotland news website at newsonlinescotland @ bbc.co.uk Please ensure when filming or photographing an incident that you make your safety and the safety of others a priority . You must have taken and be the copyright owner of any pictures submitted . If you submit an image , you do so in accordance with the BBC 's Terms and Conditions	The spectacular annual Up Helly Aa Viking fire festival has been held in Shetland .
New pontoons have been installed at Aberystwyth Marina and others repositioned to upgrade its access and design . It has increased the number of berths and created some larger ones . The marina was also dredged and its security systems upgraded earlier this year . The work comes as part of a Coastal Communities grant to the Marine Group to develop and improve its infrastructure , which began in September 2015 .	A marina in Ceredigion has been `` significantly improved '' with its layout revamped , following previous dredging work .
The 35-year-old former Kilmarnock defender leaves with the Dumfries side sitting seventh in the Championship , 19 points adrift of the play-off spots . Fowler replaced Jim McIntyre in September 2014 and led Queens to fourth place in his first season . The club say assistant manager Gavin Skelton and coach Jim Thomson will take temporary charge for the two remaining league matches of the season . Chairman Billy Hewitson said : `` It 's always disappointing when a manager leaves , we thank James for his efforts and wish him all the best for the future . ''	Queen of the South have announced the departure of manager James Fowler .
Media playback is not supported on this device The 17-year-old striker netted a sweet first-time right-foot shot from six yards in Saturday 's match at Coleraine . Glenavon 's Bobby Burns went closest for the hosts with a long-range shot which struck the crossbar . The friendly match was a curtain-raiser for the annual Super Cup NI youth tournament which starts on Monday . After missing the last two years , Manchester United will have a team in the junior section of the tournament . United will play Colina of Chile in their opening match at Portstewart on Monday . Eleven games from the tournament will be shown live on the BBC Sport website , including Friday 's Premier and Junior finals . The United Under-18 team are coached by Fermanagh man Kieran McKenna . He spent seven years at Tottenham before injury forced him to end his playing career at the age of 23 .	An early goal by Switzerland youth international Nishan Burkart was enough to give Manchester United 's Under-18s victory over Northern Ireland 's U-18 .
The world 's biggest fast-food chain said it would drop the ketchup after Bernardo Hees , the former head of rival Burger King , took over as Heinz 's chief executive . `` We have decided to transition our business to other suppliers over time , '' McDonald 's said . In February , Heinz was purchased in a $ 28bn ( ? ? 17.3bn ) takeover . McDonald 's said that it would work with Heinz `` to ensure a smooth and orderly transition of the McDonald 's restaurant business '' , which has 34,000 restaurants around the world . Mr Hees took over after Heinz was bought by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway and Brazilian investment fund 3G Capital . Burger King is controlled by 3G Capital . McDonald 's uses the ketchup at many stores around the world , though only in Pittsburgh and Minneapolis inside the US . `` As a matter of policy , Heinz does not comment on relationships with customers , '' the ketchup-maker said .	McDonald 's has said it is to stop serving Heinz ketchup in its stores after 40 years .
Chasing 201 for victory , Wayne Parnell ( 3-33 ) reduced Middlesex to 11-2 and Denly 's inspired spell secured victory . The highlight was a superb one-handed return catch to dismiss James Franklin . Earlier , Sam Northeast 's 55 helped Kent post 200 all out after Toby Roland-Jones ( 3-35 ) removed in-form opener Daniel Bell-Drummond for a duck . Bell-Drummond had scored centuries in his previous two One-Day Cup outings against Somerset and Sussex , but his stay at the crease on Sunday lasted for only one legitimate delivery . Roland-Jones ' first ball was a wide , but Bell-Drummond edged the second behind to wicketkeeper John Simpson to fall without scoring . After a shaky start to their reply , Nick Compton ( 37 ) and Franklin ( 33 ) looked like getting Middlesex close to Kent 's total , but Compton 's dismissal by James Tredwell sparked another collapse of four wickets for 22 runs .	Joe Denly was an unlikely hero with the ball , taking 3-20 as Kent bowled out Middlesex for just 154 to earn a One-Day Cup win by 46 runs at Canterbury .
Gaizka Garitano was sacked on Saturday as Deportivo registered their fourth consecutive league defeat . Mel , 54 , only lasted 17 games in charge at West Brom in 2014 and has not managed since he was sacked by Real Betis in January 2016 . Deportivo , league champions in 2000 , are two points above the relegation zone having not won since December . He is the club 's seventh manager in six years and has been put in charge until the end of the season .	Former West Brom manager Pepe Mel has been appointed coach of struggling La Liga side Deportivo La Coruna .
Seamer Querl and off-spinner Taylor have both been reported on two separate occasions within a 12-month period and have undergone independent analysis . They displayed elbow extensions in excess of the permitted 15 degrees . The pair are suspended in county cricket until it is proved they have remedied their actions . The ban begins with immediate effect . Zimbabwe-born 25-year-old Querl 's only first-team appearance for Hampshire this season was against Loughborough MCCU when he finished with figures of 1-20 off 10 overs . Taylor , 21 , has made four first-class appearances for Gloucestershire this season taking six wickets .	The England and Wales Cricket Board has suspended Hampshire 's Glenn Querl and Gloucestershire 's Jack Taylor because of illegal bowling actions .
Palestinian flags were visible during the Champions League play-off first leg at Celtic Park on 17 August . The Scottish champions progressed to the group stage 5-4 on aggregate . Meanwhile , Legia Warsaw have been fined 80,000 euros ( £69,085 ) and told to play their next home Uefa competition match behind closed doors . That followed a series of incidents during their Champions League Group F match against Borussia Dortmund on 14 September . Uefa 's control , ethics and disciplinary body listed charges of crowd disturbances , setting off of fireworks , throwing of objects , insufficient organisation , racist behaviour and stairways blocked at the Polish champions ' home ground . Legia , who host Real Madrid in their next home Group F game on 2 November , lost 6-0 to Dortmund .	Celtic have been fined 10,000 euros ( £8,635 ) by Uefa for the displaying of an `` illicit banner '' during a match against Israeli side Hapoel Beer Sheva .
Jockey Jamie Spencer got the 11-1 chance up to win by a short head for trainer Nicky Henderson . Henderson is more used to training horses over the jumps and No Heretic had his first run since September 2013 when third in a hurdle race last month . His injuries have included one suffered jumping a fox in winning at Leicester in 2011 , entailing a year off . `` Then he did a tendon and needed nearly 1,000 days off . We thought we 'd persevere as he 's got a lovely pedigree and it 's paid off , '' said Alex Cole , racing manager to owners Jim and Fitri Hay . Henderson , indicating the horse may run in the Ascot Stakes at Royal Ascot next month , said : `` He was a wounded soldier but it is great to see him come back . '' Earlier , the 8-15 favourite Somehow eventually prevailed , coming through late to win the Cheshire Oaks , under jockey Ryan Moore for trainer Aidan O'Brien .	No Heretic beat Nakeeta in a photo finish to win the Chester Cup in his first Flat race for 972 days .
The President Is Missing is being written in collaboration with James Patterson , believed to be the world 's best-selling living author . The publishers say the book will be `` informed by details that only a President can know '' . The book , which is Mr Clinton 's first novel , will be released by Alfred A Knopf and Hachette in June 2018 . `` Working on a book about a sitting president - drawing on what I know about the job , life in the White House , and the way Washington works - has been a lot of fun , '' said the former president . `` And working with Jim has been terrific . I 've been a fan of his for a very long time , '' he added . The details of the plot are not currently known , but the two men have announced plans to hold a national book tour to promote it . Mr Patterson is considered to be the world 's best-selling novelist in recent years , and has published more than 130 titles in his name . Mr Clinton has written several books since leaving the presidency , but never a novel . His other works include My Life , Giving , and Back to Work .	Former-president Bill Clinton is writing a novel about the White House , publishers announced on Monday .
The PFA young player of the year made contact with the Baggies midfielder during a first-half set-piece in Monday 's 1-1 draw . The Football Association might act retrospectively after studying the video and rule his action was violent . Monday 's result dealt a blow to Spurs ' Premier League title hopes . Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino said he had not seen the Alli incident but added : `` Sometimes the opponents find him and try to provoke , they know he has a strong character and may react . '' The standard punishment for violent conduct is a three match ban . Second-placed Spurs are seven points adrift of Leicester with three games of the season remaining . The Foxes can win the title on Sunday with victory over Manchester United . Alli has been hugely influential figure for Tottenham in his debut season . The former MK Dons player has scored 10 goals so far and has formed a strong partnership with lead striker Harry Kane . Never want to miss the latest Spurs news ? You can now add them and all the other sports and teams you follow to your personalised My Sport home .	Tottenham midfielder Dele Alli could face a three-match ban after footage appeared to show him punching West Brom 's Claudio Yacob in the stomach .
Emergency calls were made at 14:40 BST on Saturday after a man was seen struggling in the water at Sandbanks . The man , who has not been formally identified , was rescued from the sea by lifeguards but was pronounced dead at the scene . A spokesman for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said the victim had gone outside marked safe-swim zones . He added winds of between force six and gale force eight struck the area , creating very rough seas .	A man died after getting into difficulty swimming in `` very rough seas '' at a beach near Poole .
A one-off accounting charge meant fourth-quarter net income was $ 272.3m , down by 8 % compared to $ 295.6m in the same period 12 months earlier . In after-the-bell trading in New York shares in the company gained 4.5 % . About 700 million web surfers visit its website every month , ranking it among the top in the global industry . However , it shed more than 1,000 jobs during 2012 , and has long been divided over whether it should focus on media content or on tools and technologies . Chief executive Marissa Mayer was brought in last July from Google to turn the company round , and the latest financial figures are the first full quarter 's under her leadership . Ms Mayer has been focusing on building better mobile and social networking services . She said that during the quarter Yahoo made progress `` by growing our executive team , signing key partnerships including those with NBC Sports and CBS Television and launching terrific mobile experiences for Yahoo Mail and Flickr '' .	Yahoo has reported fourth quarter revenues of $ 1.35bn ( £860m ) in the fourth quarter , up nearly 2 % on the same time a year before .
The 33-year-old England international joined West Brom on loan from Birmingham City in 2011 before making the move permanent a year later . He has made 161 appearances for the club , keeping 41 clean sheets . `` His form has been there for all to see and he continues to set the standards at the club all the goalkeepers have to aspire to , '' said manager Tony Pulis .	West Brom goalkeeper Ben Foster has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract that will run until 2019 .
Match ends , Macclesfield Town 0 , Sutton United 0 . Second Half ends , Macclesfield Town 0 , Sutton United 0 . Craig Eastmond ( Sutton United ) is shown the yellow card . Substitution , Macclesfield Town . Mitch Hancox replaces James Thorne . Substitution , Sutton United . Pape Gueye replaces Craig Dundas . Substitution , Sutton United . Gomis replaces Adam May . Substitution , Macclesfield Town . Rhys Browne replaces Ollie Norburn . Substitution , Sutton United . Jack Jebb replaces Jeffrey Monakana . Substitution , Macclesfield Town . Kingsley James replaces Luke Summerfield . Second Half begins Macclesfield Town 0 , Sutton United 0 . First Half ends , Macclesfield Town 0 , Sutton United 0 . Nicky Bailey ( Sutton United ) is shown the yellow card . First Half begins . Lineups are announced and players are warming up .	Match report to follow .
Emily Lance received online threats of murder and rape after posting the video during Independence Day celebrations . Her account is no longer on Facebook but she previously posted that her father and his workplace had also been `` targeted '' , reports say . Desecrating a US flag is not illegal due to strong freedom of speech laws . In the video , Ms Lance is seen standing over a toilet on which a US flag is draped , and urinating on it with the aid of a device that allows women to do so standing up . She captioned it with : `` F * * * your nationalism . F * * * your country . F * * * your stupid f * * * * * * flag '' . Later she made a plea for her opponents not to `` take your anger out on the wrong people '' , saying no-one in her family `` agrees with my shenanigans '' . `` They 've got nothing to do with my decisions , '' she continued . She did not explain how her father and his workplace had been `` targeted '' . `` What do n't you people understand ? You 're celebrating freedom while damning me for doing the same . You ca n't have it both ways , '' she said .	A woman who shared a video of herself urinating on an American flag has asked that people stop targeting her family , saying they do not support her actions .
Three armed and masked men forced their way into a house on Chestnut Road in Artane , in the north of the city , at about 05:00 local time on Thursday . The women were held hostage while the man , a cash in transit employee , was forced to go to work and hand over money . Up to 200,000 euros ( Â£143,000 ) was reportedly handed over . A GSLS security van was driven from south Dublin to deliver the cash to a business park at Dublin Airport . The employee locked himself into the van at the airport before police arrived . His wife and adult daughter had been tied up and driven around for a number of hours in the back of a van . They were found in Dunboyne , County Meath and were not physically injured . However , police said they had been left traumatised by their ordeal . A forensic examination was carried out at the airport before police removed the cash in transit van and another van .	A mother and daughter have been held hostage during an abduction and robbery in Dublin .
The forward scored 12 goals in 10 games as Bristol City won promotion from Women 's Super League Two last season . The 23-year-old also scored in a 2-1 defeat by her new club in the Women 's FA Cup in March . `` It feels great to be here , '' she told ManCity.com . `` Manchester City are a huge club and the women 's team is amazing . I 'm really happy to be here . ''	Manchester City Women have signed Scotland international Claire Emslie from Bristol City Women .
It follows the discovery of the 44-year-old 's body at a house in Stevenston on Sunday . The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner 's investigation will focus on the man 's interactions with police officers before he died . Police Scotland confirmed that it was in relation to police contact with the man on Saturday . A spokesman for Pirc said : `` The investigation will focus on the deceased 's interaction with officers from Police Scotland prior to his death . `` A report on the commissioner 's findings will be submitted to the COPFS ( Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service ) in due course . ''	The Police watchdog has launched an investigation into the events leading up to a man 's death in Ayrshire .
The 22-year-old midfielder , from Glasgow , was stopped by police for driving erratically in the Robroyston area at about 03:00 on 5 February . Officers asked him to provide a breath test and he gave an alcohol reading of 78mg - the legal limit is 22 . At Glasgow Sheriff Court , McGregor was also fined Â£500 . Sheriff Neil Mackinnon disqualified McGregor for 12 months , although he may get a reduction if he successfully completes a drink driving course . Last August , McGregor was banned from driving for four months and fined Â£400 after being caught driving at 69mph in a 50mph zone . The court opted to impose a four-month ban instead of a heavier penalty and left him with nine points on his licence . He was convicted at Hamilton Justice of the Peace Court after claiming the speed gun was faulty . McGregor began as a youth player at Celtic and spent a year on loan at English side Notts County in the 2013-14 season . He returned to Celtic and scored in his first-team debut against KR Reykjavik in a Champions League qualifier in 2014 .	Celtic player Callum McGregor has been given a 12-month driving ban after he was caught behind the wheel at almost four times the legal alcohol limit .
Eurocom , in Mackworth , has designed a series of games including ones featuring James Bond , Harry Potter and the Olympic Games . A spokesman said a number of projects had fallen through forcing it to make the redundancies . The firm said it hoped to retain 50 employees and restructure the business . A statement from the firm said it regretted having to lay off `` very experienced , talented and highly skilled employees '' . Founded in 1988 , the company has developed dozens of computer and video games for most major platforms , including games based on Pirates of the Caribbean and Batman Begins . The firm said it would now concentrate on developing games for mobile phones .	A Derbyshire computer games company is shedding 150 jobs from its 200-strong workforce after a steep decline in sales .
Nicola Hazell contacted Bristol Harbour Authority on Twitter after losing her silver solitaire ring while out rowing in Bristol docks on 9 July . The harbourmaster spotted Avon and Somerset Police 's dive team on a training exercise there on Friday and challenged them to find the ring . Miss Hazell was delighted when the divers found the ring just hours later . She tweeted : `` Thank you SO much @ ASPolice I ca n't believe you 've reunited me with my engagement ring ! ! # herosindrysuits # SOhappy . '' Avon and Somerset Police 's Nick Evans , who led the dive team , said : `` We are delighted to have found it for Nicola . `` We ca n't do this for everyone obviously , but we were here training anyway and we spend a lot of time looking for stolen property and other items , so it was a good challenge for the team . ''	Police divers have found a bride-to-be 's engagement ring , two weeks after she dropped it into Bristol harbour .
3 February 2013 Last updated at 12:10 GMT The Super Bowl is the biggest game in American football and is as famous for its half-time show as much as the game itself . This year Beyonce will be performing and tens of millions of people are expected to tune in to watch the action . Leah 's been finding out more about one of the most famous sporting events in the world .	America is preparing for the event known as the 'greatest show on earth ' .
Matthews , 19 , is yet to play a senior competitive game for the Cherries while Close , 20 , has played only four times for Pompey this season . The club has also confirmed that defender Reda Johnson , 28 , has signed a new deal for the next three seasons . But defender Bondz N'Gala , 27 , has left the club by mutual consent . Benin international Johnson joined in August and has scored three goals in 15 league appearances for Eastleigh . The Spitfires are 13th in the National League table , 11 points off the play-off places . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .	National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielders Sam Matthews and Ben Close on loan from Bournemouth and Portsmouth until the end of the season .
Four other people were treated for minor injuries and shock following the crash which happened on the A709 Dumfries to Lockerbie road , near Torthorwald village , at about 17:00 . Firefighters from Dumfries and Annan had to cut the men from one of the vehicles after it was severely damaged in the accident . The road was closed for about six hours .	Two men have been seriously injured in a four-vehicle crash near Dumfries .
Campaigners from Plane Stupid , a group opposed to expansion at Heathrow , parked a van across both lanes of the tunnel and locked themselves to it . The Met says they and their vehicles have been removed . Traffic is still affected and passengers are advised to allow extra time to get to Heathrow . Updates on this story and more on the BBC London live page . A Heathrow spokeswoman said the earlier demonstration affected traffic around the central terminal area and terminals 2 and 3 . In a statement on its website , Plane Stupid said : `` The government needs to choose : build new runways or stop climate chaos . It 's that simple . '' The airport 's spokeswoman said : `` Expansion will keep the capital and the whole of the UK at the heart of the global economy , meet environmental targets and balance the needs of local communities . ''	Five environmental activists have been arrested after blocking a traffic tunnel at Heathrow in protest at plans for a third runway .
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and of Africans elsewhere in the world this week .	Images courtesy of AFP , EPA , Getty Images and Reuters
Wilson , 29 , struck the winner in Wednesday 's 2-1 second-round win over Morecambe in his first game since joining the Cherries from Stoke City . `` I could n't care who scores the goals to be honest as long as we get the results , '' Wilson told BBC Radio Solent . Wilson has also been recalled to the Republic of Ireland squad after injury . The goal was Wilson 's first in club football since a 2-0 Premier League win for Stoke against Blackburn in December 2010 , while his last professional goal was for his country in a World Cup qualifier against Faroe Islands in October 2012 . Wilson is part of Martin O'Neill 's squad for a friendly against Oman , followed by their opening 2018 World Cup qualifier against Serbia . `` It 's been a great day , '' he added . `` I ca n't complain and I 'm happy we got the result and that we 're through to the next round , that 's the main thing . `` Some of the boys were saying 'do n't shoot ' as I took a touch inside and thought , 'why not have a go ? ' But , I hit it and found the back of the net . ''	Marc Wilson says he ignored shouts of `` do n't shoot '' moments before netting just his fifth career goal to see Bournemouth through in the EFL Cup .
They took two 43 '' televisions , 29 electric toothbrushes , 22 tubes of toothpaste , 10 DVDs and a beard grooming kit . Their haul also included 66 packs of razor blades , five cans of hairspray and some back pain relief patches . The theft happened at 04:30 BST on Wednesday at the Billingham store which is closed between midnight and 06:00 . It is believed two men wearing dark tracksuits with the hoods up were responsible , Cleveland Police said . It is not known whether either of them had beards .	Night-time raiders have stolen more than 150 items , including 12 tea-towels , from a Tesco supermarket .
Officers spoke to 51-year-old Andy Hill at a police station in Hertfordshire . Police , who did not name Mr Hill , said a man voluntarily attended an appointment and was `` interviewed under caution but not arrested '' . Mr Hill was performing aerobatics at the annual Shoreham show when the jet crashed and broke up . An initial report after the incident found the jet showed `` no abnormal indications '' during its flight . The Air Accidents Investigation Branch ( AAIB ) report said cockpit footage showed the plane `` responding to the pilot 's control inputs '' . The jet split into four parts and Mr Hill was thrown clear . It is not known whether Mr Hill initiated his ejection . After the crash , the pilot 's family issued a statement which said they were devastated and deeply saddened by the loss of life and sent their prayers and heartfelt condolences to the families of all those affected .	The pilot of the Hawker Hunter jet which crashed onto the A27 in Sussex killing 11 people , has been interviewed by police for the first time .
5 May 2017 Last updated at 09:31 BST The two people going for the job are very different , and the election has got people here and all around the world talking . Find out more about the French presidential election here . Jenny went to France to find out why the election is such big news , and to speak to kids who live there about what they think .	France is one of the closest neighbours to us here in the U.K. and , right now , it 's having its own election to decide who will be the next President of the country .
William Shields , who is 52 and from South Lanarkshire , was accused of shouting and swearing at wife Michelle at Green 's Hotel in Gretna on Hogmanay . Prosecutors accepted his plea , which came part way through a trial at Dumfries Sheriff Court . Mr Shields has also been cleared of two other charges of assaulting his wife . He had denied charges alleging that he dragged Michelle Shields off a stool in the lounge area of the hotel , pushed her on the back and caused her to stumble on the night of their wedding . He was also cleared of pushing her onto a bed and striking her on the head as well as covering her mouth and nose with his hand . The trial had been due to continue on the charge of behaving in a threatening or abusive manner towards Mrs Shields , but fiscal depute Jennifer McGill told the court : `` I am accepting a plea of not guilty to that remaining charge . '' The Strathclyde inspector was not present when the acquittal was announced .	The case against a police inspector who was accused of abusing his new bride has been dropped after his plea of not guilty was accepted by the court .
Cleethorpes Pier , which dates back to 1873 and was built at a cost of Â£8,000 , has recently undergone a Â£5m renovation . It now features a restaurant , tea-room and wedding venue . Earlier this year , the 335ft ( 100m ) pier , one of the shortest in the UK , was voted Pier of the Year by the National Piers Society . Current owner Bryan Huxford , who bought it three years ago , said he wanted to return the pier to the community and see it develop under new owners . Tim Mickleburgh , honorary vice-president of the National Piers Society , said its current owners had widened its appeal . He said : `` In the past it was a nightclub and only had the evening clientele . '' The venue is advertised as being open to offers .	A refurbished Victorian pleasure pier voted the best in the country has been put up for sale .
The charges , which include indecent assault and sexual assault , involve four boys , who were aged between 11 and 14 at the time of the alleged offences . The ex-Crewe youth coach is accused of a total of 55 offences between 1979 and 1991 against young boys . The 63-year-old denied all accusations during previous court appearances . Mr Bennell - who also coached a number of junior teams in north-west England and the Midlands , some with associations to Manchester City and Stoke City - will appear at South Cheshire Magistrates ' Court via video-link on 28 June . The latest accusations include four counts of indecent assault on a boy aged 11-14 , four counts of indecent assault on a boy aged 11-12 and two counts of indecent assault on a boy aged 11-13 . He is also charged with four counts of sexual assault on a boy aged 11-14 . Last month , Bennell appeared at Crewe Magistrates ' Court , where a further 21 child sex offences were put to him , but he did not enter a plea , and was remanded into custody .	Ex-football coach Barry Bennell has been charged with a further 14 counts of historical sex abuse against boys , the Crown Prosecution Service has said .
Phillips finished second in the British Superstock 600cc championship last season . Dunlop , who is set to reveal his own plans for the season soon , will assist in preparation of the machinery , and oversee the team , attending many races . The first round of the series will be held at Donington Park on 2 April .	Michael Dunlop 's racing team has signed Lisburn rider Carl Phillips to contest the 2017 British Superstock 1000cc Championship .
Jurcevic worked under Bilic at Croatia , Lokomotiv Moscow and Besiktas . Bilic confirmed after his arrival in June that he wanted to appoint Jurcevic , but the 49-year-old had to wait for a work permit , which he has now received . `` I am very happy that I can start work . Slaven called me about West Ham and I said yes straight away , '' he said . Former midfielder Jurcevic was capped 19 times and made his debut in Croatia 's second-ever fixture against Romania in December 1990 . Both he and Bilic were also part of Croatia 's Euro 1996 squad . As manager and assistant , the pair helped the national team qualify for Euro 2008 and 2012 .	West Ham manager Slaven Bilic has appointed former Croatia team-mate Nikola Jurcevic as his new assistant .
New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton says the man , David Baril swung a hammer at an officer near Madison Square Garden and was shot twice by the officer 's colleague . He remains in a critical condition in hospital . Mr Baril is accused of wounding three women and one man with a hammer in four separate ambushes on Monday . Commissioner Bratton said that a police video camera had captured the latest attack , against the officer , on Wednesday . It shows Mr Baril removing a hammer from his bag and swinging it claw end first towards a female officer . He was then shot twice by the officer 's partner . Police say the black and silver hammer recovered at the scene matches the description of the one used against four others on Monday . Anthony O'Grady , 26 , who witnessed the police shooting , says that there was a chase before the suspect turned around and was shot .	A man suspected of attacking four strangers in Manhattan within hours on Monday has been shot by police .
The 29-year-old has missed the last two games to have the problem scanned but is now out for the rest of 2016 . Tomkins , a dual-code England international , scored one try in his 10 appearances this season . Meanwhile , Wigan captain Sean O'Loughlin will serve a one-match ban for a high tackle against Wakefield . O'Loughlin had been charged for Grade C offence - that usually carries a guideline two to three game suspension - for the tackle on Wakefield 's Chris Annakin but his penalty was reduced to one game and a £300 fine after he submitted an early guilty plea . `` The independent tribunal took into consideration O'Loughlin 's first half dismissal , guilty plea and long professional career having not previously appeared before the disciplinary tribunal , '' the Rugby Football League statement reads .	Wigan Warriors head coach Shaun Wane has confirmed back-row forward Joel Tomkins will miss the rest of the season with injuries to both knees .
The woman opened the front door to her home in Russell Hill Road , Purley , on 11 May at about 07:50 BST when she realised a man was outside . He used his foot to force the door open and entered the property where he first assaulted her , bruising her face , before raping her . The Met said it was `` doing everything we can to arrest the suspect '' . Det Insp Keith Ward said `` specially trained detectives '' were providing support for the woman . The man is described as white , about 5ft 8ins ( 1.73m ) tall , with short brown hair . He also possibly had a Scottish accent . `` We ask that anyone who recognises the suspect 's description contact us as a matter of urgency '' , police said .	A woman in her 70s has been attacked and raped by a man who forced his way into her south London home .
Bolton Wanderers 1-2 Middlesbrough Birmingham City 1-2 Burnley Blackburn Rovers 0-2 Huddersfield Town Brentford 1-1 Bristol City Cardiff City 0-0 Queens Park Rangers Charlton Athletic 0-1 Derby County Leeds United 3-2 Reading Preston North End 1-1 MK Dons Rotherham United 0-0 Nottingham Forest Sheffield Wednesday 1-1 Ipswich Town	Reports for Saturday 's Championship games , as Middlesbrough hold on to top spot after a thrilling win over Bolton .
The Brazilian won on Easy Touch , Dashing Dart , Mr Stunning , Victor Emperor , Cool And Neat , Beat The Clock , Mighty Maverick and Prawn Baba . Moreira rode in 10 of the 11 races on the card . `` The feeling I have now is something special , '' he told the South China Morning Post . `` Today has to share the top spot as my best day in racing . '' Moreira had eight winners from eight rides at Kranji in Singapore in 2013 and also rode eight in a day in his native Brazil in 2008 .	Jockey Joao Moreira has broken a record in Hong Kong by riding eight winners on a single card at Sha Tin .
The victim , aged in his 30s , was attacked on the upper deck of the 11A bus in the Handsworth area on Monday , West Midlands Police said . Emergency services carried out CPR at the scene , but the man died a short time later . Detectives have launched a murder investigation . Rookery Road , where the attack took place , and parts of Oxhill and Greenhill Roads are closed . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here Police are hunting the attacker , described as a black man , aged around 30 and wearing a baseball cap and padded jacket . He is believed to have left the bus in Rookery Road . The victim has not been formally identified at this stage . The force said the roads are expected to remain shut for the rest of the day while investigations continue .	A man has been stabbed to death on a bus in Birmingham .
A draft bill was sent to Irish Minister for Transport Shane Ross last year and the RSA hopes to see it made law within the next 12 months . Currently it is being done on a `` piecemeal basis '' . The RSA said it is currently reviewing whether it will include disqualified drivers from Northern Ireland . In a statement it added : `` On the basis that we have the Mutual Recognition of Disqualified Drivers between Ireland and Northern Ireland and UK reinstated in the new 2016 Road Traffic Bill , we would be proceeding on the same basis . That means if someone with a UK licence is disqualified in an Irish court , their name will appear . '' There was a 15 % increase in the number of people who lost their lives on Irish roads last year compared to in 2015 . Chief Executive of the RSA Moyagh Murdock said the rise was `` very disappointing '' . Speaking on RTÃ‰ 's Morning Ireland , she said that there has been progress in many areas of road safety but drink-driving remained a big problem in Ireland . She added that people do not surrender their licences after disqualification and many persist in driving after they are disqualified . A spokesperson for Stormont 's Department for Infrastructure said : `` The mutual recognition of driving disqualifications between the two jurisdictions is expected to recommence early in 2017 . ''	The Road Safety Authority ( RSA ) in the Republic of Ireland wants to establish a formal database of drivers who are disqualified in a court of law .
Merson , aged 24 , outlasted his final opponents in a marathon session that finished just before dawn after nearly 12 hours in Las Vegas , Nevada . `` I feel pretty good - got all the tears out so now I feel relaxed , '' the man from Maryland said after the game . The no-limit Texas hold 'em series started in July with a field of nearly 7,000 players . Jesse Sylvia finished in second place , netting $ 5.3m . `` That was nuts , man , '' the 26-year-old professional player from Las Vegas was quoted as saying by the Associated Press after the marathon match . Before the final showdown , Merson and Sylvia eliminated Jake Balsiger , denying the the 21-year-old man from Arizona the chance of becoming the youngest World Series of Poker champion . Balsiger 's consolation , however , was a $ 3.8m cheque for the third place .	Professional US card player Greg Merson has won the World Series of Poker , going home $ 8.53m ( £5.3m ) richer .
Some suggested it was an alien invasion , while others thought it may have been some sort of aircraft . It was , in fact , a `` sporadic meteor '' according to Tolis Christou from the Armagh Observatory . `` This does n't look like it 's associated with any of the meteor showers of the year , '' he said . `` On average , we can see something this bright , if we are lucky , once a year , '' he said . `` The sparks we saw behind the meteor were bits falling off - the stress of our atmosphere causes it to disintegrate '' . The meteor was recorded at 22:10 BST on Sunday evening , moving north west towards Scotland , where it was also observed .	A giant fireball set social media alight on Sunday night as people questioned what they had just witnessed .
The Finn has signed a new deal at Ferrari that will see him stay at the team until the end of 2018 . There are many fans of the charismatic driver , but just how much do you know about him ? Take our quiz to find out . This content will not work on your device , please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser	Great news for Formula 1 fans - actually the whole world - because Kimi Raikkonen is sticking around .
The National Grid wants to build the 22m ( 72ft ) high building at Daedalus Airfield to join 120 miles ( 200km ) of seabed cable between the two countries . IFA2 is a £500m National Grid scheme which aims secure electricity supplies in the UK . If it goes ahead work could start on the site in late 2017 . National grid said the electricity interconnector could be up and running by 2020 . Fareham Borough Council said it had agreed in principal to lease the land to the National Grid . The plans for the scheme can be seen until 20 March . The grid connection building in France will be at Tourbe in Normandy . IFA2 is a joint project between French power transmission operator Réseau de Transport d'Electricité ( RTE ) and National Grid International Limited ( NGIL ) , a subsidiary of National Grid .	Plans for a power converter station on an airfield in Fareham that will link the electricity networks of the UK and France have been unveiled .
It will mean men can attend formal occasions in skirts and stockings and women in suits and bow ties . The new rules come after a motion by the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Queer society ( LGBTQ Soc ) was passed by the students ' union earlier this year . The changes , to start from 4 August , have now been agreed by the university . Jess Pumphrey , LGBTQ officer , said the change would make a number of students ' exam experience significantly less stressful . Under the old laws on academic clothing - known as subfusc - male students were required to wear a dark suit and socks , black shoes , a white bow tie and a plain white shirt and collar under their black gowns . Female students had to wear a dark skirt or trousers , a white blouse , black stockings and shoes and a black ribbon tied in a bow at the neck . If a transgender student wanted to wear subfusc of the opposite sex they had to seek special dispensation from university proctors , who had the power to punish those who breached the rules . An Oxford University spokesman said : `` The regulations have been amended to remove any reference to gender , in response to concerns raised by Oxford University Student Union that the existing regulations did not serve the interests of transgender students . ''	Oxford University students will no longer have to wear gender-specific academic clothing after concerns it was unfair to the transgender community .
Mark Moat , 42 , and from Bridgnorth , is also charged with arson in connection with the blaze , which broke out last November . Sandra Nowocinska , 22 , died four days after being rescued from the fire at an apartment in the Horsefair area . Mr Moat was remanded in custody and is due at Worcester Crown Court in June . He faces additional charges of arson and threatening to cause criminal damage in relation to two other separate incidents .	A man has appeared in court charged with manslaughter following a fire in Kidderminster in which a mother died and her five-year-old son was injured .
Mr Clarke , who has represented Rushcliffe in Nottinghamshire since 1970 , had suggested he would step down in 2020 after 50 years as an MP . But with an early poll confirmed by MPs , his office confirmed the 76-year-old would stand again . Mr Clarke , a staunch Remain supporter , is Father of the House - an honour bestowed on the longest-serving MP . Speaking in June 2016 to China Daily , Mr Clarke said : `` I have told the officers of my constituency association that once we have finished the boundary changes they had better start choosing my successor . `` I will not stand again . This is my last Parliament . '' However , a general election will take place sooner than expected after MPs gave the go-ahead to Theresa May 's request for an early poll . And Mr Clarke 's office confirmed : `` He 's putting himself forward to be the Conservative candidate for Rushcliffe in June . ''	Former Conservative chancellor Ken Clarke is to stand again to be an MP in the 8 June general election .
Christine McGuire , 67 , from Stranraer , died when her car , which was on the hard shoulder near Penrith , was struck by another vehicle on 7 January 2015 . Colin McLachlan , 74 , pleaded not guilty to causing her death by dangerous driving at Carlisle Crown Court . Mr McLachlan , from Kilmarnock , was granted unconditional bail ahead of a trial on 15 November .	A man has denied causing the death of a retired nurse who was killed in a crash on the M6 in Cumbria .
Illustrator Dan Peterson drew the scenes at the count for seats in the Cardiff north area at Llanishen Leisure Centre on Thursday night . The Cardiff Metropolitan lecturer created the sketches to explain what happens during local elections . `` People need to be more aware of what happens , in some cases voter turn-out was only 30-odd per cent , '' he said . Mr Peterson was a war artist in Afghanistan in 2011 and worked as an illustrator with the Royal Navy in 2015 . He plans to sketch more scenes at the general election next month . He said : `` It 's a difficult atmosphere to describe , it 's quite unusual . `` I did n't realise there was so much scrutiny involved , I 'm impressed with the efficiency of it . `` It 's a lot calmer than you think and people are quite friendly towards each other even though there 's a rivalry between them , '' he added . You can follow our live election results here .	A university lecturer has used his artwork to capture the atmosphere of the local election count .
The two Bridport fishermen who found the crustacean near Portland Bill handed it to Weymouth Sea Life Park . Albinism is caused by a lack of melanin in the skin , which means there is a lack of colour pigment . Fiona Smith , from the park , said : `` There have only been one or two other albino lobsters found around the UK in the last 20 years or so . '' Without camouflage she added , it was `` incredible '' this one had not been eaten by a predator such as a shark . Ms Smith also explained that the size of a lobster determines its age . At 40cm ( 15.7in ) long , including its claws , she said this animal was `` pretty big '' . `` [ It ] could easily be more than 30 years old , '' she said . Lobsters can grow up to 75cm ( 29.5in ) long and live for up to 50 years . They shed their hard shells as they outgrow them . It will not be known if Santa Claws ' condition is temporary until it next moults .	A rare albino lobster that could be more than 30-years-old has been caught in a lobster-pot off the Dorset coast .
Bywater , 35 , started the final three matches of last season after injury to Jon McLaughlin , who was later released . The former West Ham and Derby keeper has signed a 12-month contract extension at the Pirelli Stadium . Ex-Watford forward Sordell , 26 , scored four goals after joining Burton from Coventry in January and has agreed a new three-year deal . Bywater joined West Ham as a 16-year-old in February 1998 , from Rochdale 's youth ranks , and featured in their 1999 FA Youth Cup-winning team alongside Joe Cole and Michael Carrick . He spent eight years at Upton Park before signing for Derby in 2006 and later had spells at Sheffield Wednesday , Millwall and Doncaster , among others . `` He 's proved his worth in the last part of the season . Next season he might not be back-up , '' manager Nigel Clough told the Brewers ' official website .	Experienced goalkeeper Stephen Bywater and striker Marvin Sordell have agreed new contracts with Burton Albion .
Brierley Town Council needed a £1.3m loan to cope with its financial problems after Janet Cooper was jailed for eight years for theft and fraud in 2013 . Residents voted to abolish the authority in a ballot in 2015 . Its assets and liabilities have been taken over by Barnsley Council . In the referendum in September , about 1,200 people - 21 % of the electorate - voted on the town council 's future , with 983 calling to scrap it and 202 voting to retain it . Barnsley Council said the takeover would be carried out `` without any additional costs for Barnsley council tax payers '' . The deal means that town council facilities , such as community halls , sports grounds and allotments , will remain open .	A South Yorkshire council that was left more than £1m in debt after a fraud committed by its town clerk has been abolished .
Mary Di Mauro will stand for the Lib Dems in the poll in the Wythenshawe and Sale East constituency on 13 February . She has represented Northenden ward on Manchester City Council since 2010 . Mr Goggins , who had been MP for the seat in Greater Manchester since 1997 , died earlier this month after collapsing while out running .	The Liberal Democrats have selected a local councillor as their candidate in the by-election triggered by the death of Labour MP Paul Goggins .
The pipe , which carries drinking water , burst at Mitcham Lane in Tooting at around 11:00 BST . Local traffic in the area was disrupted by the burst . Thames Water apologised to anyone affected . A spokesperson said : `` Our engineers are there and planning how best to stop the flow of water with minimal disruption to our customers ' supply . `` We 'll do all we can to get things back to normal as quickly as possible . '' Sian Rowland tweeted : `` Impromptu water feature in Mitcham Lane . Avoid the area it 's chaos ! '' Wandsworth Police tweeted : `` Road closure currently affecting SW16 - Mitcham Lane closed at junction with Southcroft Road due to severe burst water main . ''	A pipe has exploded in south London , sending a jet of water around 50ft high into the sky .
We want to hear what questions you have about the general election in your area . These could range from local issues and boundary changes to why we vote on Thursdays . Send us your questions using the form below :	On 8 June voters across Lincolnshire will go to the polls to choose MPs to represent their constituencies .
This means the bottom three teams in 2017 will be relegated with only the First Division champions promoted . The decisions followed a recommendation by the representative body of the Premier Division clubs . The FAI has also commissioned two reports into the overall structure of the League in recent years . `` From the Consultation Process Report , a number of recommendations have started to be implemented , including , aiding clubs with strategic/business plans , focus on facility development , recruitment of a marketing executive , establishment of a marketing group with club representation and restructuring of the League format , '' said an FAI statement . A new league website will also be launched for the 2017 season .	The League of Ireland Premier Division will be reduced from 12 teams to 10 for the 2018 season , the Football Association of Ireland has announced .
The FA Trophy finalists came very close to securing their status in the fifth tier deep into injury time when Waide Fairhurst 's header hit the post . Scott McManus fired Halifax in front before the break but Danny Rowe equalised with a deflected shot from inside the box . The Shaymen dropped into the bottom four after Guiseley beat Torquay 4-3 .	Halifax Town were relegated from the National League after failing to beat Macclesfield at The Shay .
It applies to `` outposts '' - settlements built without official approval in the area occupied by Israel since 1967 . The international community regards all settlements as illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this . Palestinians see settlements as a major obstacle to a peace deal with Israel . They want all settlements and outposts to be removed from the West Bank and East Jerusalem , which they seek for a future Palestinian state . According to the anti-settlement movement Peace Now , there are 97 outposts , as well as more than 130 settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem . The bill , which would legitimise about 4,000 settler homes , still needs to pass three readings in Israel 's parliament to become law . Its main backer , Education Minister Naftali Bennett , has called it the eventual start of Israel 's annexation of most of the occupied territory . The move has drawn international criticism , including from the US , Israel 's closest ally .	Israeli MPs have given preliminary backing to a controversial bill to legalise thousands of unauthorised Jewish homes in the West Bank .
A murder inquiry is under way after Brian McKandie was found at Fairview Cottages in Badenscoth , Rothienorman , on Saturday 12 March . Two men were reportedly seen speaking to him on the Friday beforehand . His family said in a statement issued by Police Scotland : `` We have been shocked by the recent events '' . The statement said : `` Brian was a dearly beloved brother of William , Margaret and the late Elizabeth , brother-in-law , uncle and friend to many . `` He was a genial sort of chap with a dry sense of humour . He was hard-working and very dedicated to his business . '' Det Ch Insp Iain Smith , of Police Scotland , said : `` We believe Mr McKandie was assaulted within his home between the evening of Friday 11 March and Saturday 12 March and we are urging anyone who may have spoken to him to come forward . `` Understandably , Mr McKandie 's family and friends are devastated by his death and it is vital we piece together the events that led up to this horrific crime and the motive for such an attack . ''	A 67-year-old man who was found dead at a house in Aberdeenshire has been described by relatives as `` dearly beloved '' and a `` genial sort of chap '' .
It is the highest Wales have been in the official Test rankings , helped by points earned and lost being double during the tournament . New Zealand remain top , with Australia in third while Wales ' next opponents Fiji , who they play Thursday , are 10th . Ireland are fourth , England drop to sixth and Scotland climb to ninth .	Wales have climbed to second in the World Rugby rankings following their 28-25 win over England in the World Cup on Saturday at Twickenham .
Excluding petrol , like-for-like sales , which strip out the effect of sales from new stores , rose by 2.1 % in the 14 weeks to 8 January from a year earlier . The UK 's third-largest supermarket chain said non-food and local store sales had grown particularly strongly . Sainsbury 's also said it had added 21 new `` local '' stores during the period . The retailer reported a strong rise in its online trading with sales rising 20 % . `` This was a strong quarter , rounded off by our best Christmas ever , despite the economic backdrop , '' said Justin King , Sainsbury 's chief executive . `` Key events later in the year , such as the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee and London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games , provide opportunities for growth , '' he added .	Supermarket group Sainsbury 's has reported another `` record-breaking '' Christmas as sales rose modestly on last year .
Joseph McCloskey , who operated the page , is also to appeal the decision . In February , a judge found him and Facebook Ireland Limited liable for misuse of private information . The plaintiff , CG , was convicted in 2007 of a number of sex offences . He was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and released on licence in 2012 . In 2014 , he brought an action seeking damages and an injunction on the basis that Facebook and Mr McCloskey had misused private information , in breach of Articles 2 , 3 and 8 of the European Court of Human Rights , and were guilty of actionable negligence . A judge awarded £15,000 against Facebook and Mr McCloskey in respect of the postings on the page . The judge also awarded £5,000 against Facebook over the postings by the father of one of CG 's victims , who operated a separate page . He also ordered Facebook to close the page Keeping our Kids Safe from Predators 2 . Since the verdict , two of CG 's victims have gone to court to sue him . An injunction was granted to freeze any payouts until those cases are dealt with . On Wednesday , lawyers for Facebook and Mr McCloskey lodged papers at the Court of Appeal . The appeals are expected to be mentioned in June .	Facebook is to appeal a High Court ruling that ordered it to pay £20,000 in damages to a convicted sex offender who featured on its site .
Vince captains the England Lions for a five-match 50-over series against Pakistan A in the UAE this month . The 24-year-old will then stay on to play for Karachi Kings in the inaugural Pakistan Super League . `` I would love to be part of a World Cup squad and hopefully runs will push my case , '' he told BBC Radio Solent . Vince will join England 's T20 squad for two games in South Africa in February , prior to the World T20 in India the following month . He finished as leading run-scorer in their series victory against Pakistan in November , including an innings 41 off 36 balls on his England T20 debut in Dubai . `` I 'd have taken being top run-scorer at the start of that series , '' Vince said . `` To play all three games and to contribute to a series win was a great feeling . '' But , after his eye-catching performances for the senior side , he struggled for runs in the following Lions series against Pakistan A in December . `` Hopefully I can give a better account of myself in the 50-over stuff , contribute more and score some runs , '' he added . `` I 've got a bit of cricket before joining England in South Africa and I 'm hoping Dubai will be great preparation . ''	Hampshire captain James Vince hopes his limited-overs exploits in the months ahead will secure his place in England 's World Twenty20 squad .
The reward for finding Ranjit Power , owner of the Ramada Park Hall Hotel & Spa in Wolverhampton , has been increased to Â£25,000 . His daughter Emma Power said : `` We need to feel that more is being done . '' He was reported missing on 14 May . The Foreign Office said it would `` continue to support the family wherever we can '' . Mr Power 's partner Angela Bir said he left the UK on 7 May and was set to return on 14 May . `` It 's not strange for dad to go over to India for business , but it is strange for him to book it 48 hours beforehand , '' his daughter Emma said . The family believe that any possible kidnapping could have been planned in the UK . His son , Gian Power , said people in India had been questioned by the Punjab Police , but as for arrests , `` we do n't know '' . Indian journalist Ravinder Singh Robin said the Punjab Police `` do n't want to reveal any development in the case right now , they said it could affect their investigation '' . The Foreign Office said in a statement : `` We understand this is a very difficult time for the family . We have been providing consular assistance and liaising closely with local authorities from the outset . '' West Midlands Police said it was aware Mr Power was missing .	The family of a Wolverhampton business owner missing in India have said police need to do more to find him .
The Westminster SNP Coordination Group will be chaired by Angus Robertson , who is the party 's leader in the House of Commons . It also includes Alex Salmond as well as Stephen Gethins , Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh and Hannah Bardell . The party has also reshuffled its front bench team to shadow new departments created by the prime minister . The changes include Mr Gethins becoming the party 's Brexit spokesman in parliament after David Davis was appointed to head a new department for leaving the EU in Whitehall . Ms Ahmed-Sheikh will be the party 's International Trade spokeswoman , shadowing Dr Liam Fox who is also heading a new department created after the Leave vote . It follows SNP MSP Michael Russell , the former Scottish education minister , being confirmed as Minister for UK Negotiations on Scotland 's Place in Europe .	The SNP has set up a new committee of its MPs to examine the impact of the UK voting to leave the EU .
Ryan Wallace struck for the hosts on 55 minutes , capitalising on a mistake by Jason Kerr . The Fifers won a late penalty when Jamie Insall was impeded by Kyle Turnbull . But Scott Robinson 's effort was saved by Ross Stewart , leaving East Fife fourth in the table . They remain level on points with Airdrieonians , but with a superior goal difference . The hosts move to within a point of Queen 's Park , who are four points off the top four , with second , third and fourth the promotion play-off spots . Albion Rovers and Queen 's Park are scheduled to play their game in hand on 4 April .	Albion Rovers dented opponents East Fife 's promotion hopes in Scottish League One by winning their rearranged match at Cliftonhill .
Colin Horner , 35 , was shot dead in front of his three-year-old son on Sunday 28 May . The man has also been charged with possession of a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life . He is due to appear in court on Monday .	A 29-year-old man from Newtownards has been charged with the murder of a man outside a supermarket in Bangor , County Down .
Ali Budynkiewicz , 58 , and Lisa North , 48 , known as the `` Gangsta Grannies '' , entered the water at Samphire Hoe in Dover , Kent , at lunchtime on Wednesday . They completed the swim in a time of 31 hours and 28 minutes on two-hour rotation shifts They said : `` We swam through the night and landed in France - turned around and swam straight back . '' They added : `` The swim was very tough . It really is a very long way , but we swam strong and steady . We feel so chuffed . '' The swimmers , from Dorset , said their support team did a great job of keeping them fuelled with rice pudding , pork pies and bananas . They completed the swim to raise money for a women 's refuge supported by Bournemouth-based charity BCHA . During the swim the pair were stung by jellyfish and encountered pods of dolphins and seals . The Channel Swimming and Piloting Federation ( CS & PF ) , which authorises and supports attempts , is due to formally ratify the timings . Kevin Murphy of the CS & PF said it was believed to be the first time a team of two had completed the double crossing .	Two grandmothers successfully completed a 42-mile English Channel swim to France and back .
`` Cairo '' was put in quarantine and was due to be put down after being found at Birmingham Airport in a fruit shipment . But after being contacted by Solihull Council , Lina 's Cat Rescue took the kitten in , as part of their `` no kill '' policy for healthy cats . Airline , Emirates , is paying for her three-month quarantine stay . Sheryl Leonardi , founder of Lina 's Cat Rescue , said : `` We have a strict 'no kill ' policy for healthy cats and when contacted by Solihull Council , we were happy to take on the responsibility of all her costs . `` We are so grateful to Emirates for offering to fund her quarantine period , which means this money can now be spent on other needy cats in our care . `` Cairo has another three months or so in quarantine before she can be released into our care , but we do go to visit her and are pleased to announce she 's settling in very well . '' It is hoped the domestic short-haired kitten will be re-homed once she has been checked by vets .	A stowaway kitten , which survived freezing temperatures in the cargo hold of a jet from Egypt , has been saved by a Derby cat rescue centre .
Network Rail has agreed to pay for a final assessment of a plan to reinstate the Todmorden Curve rail link . The 500m section of track , which has not been used since the 1960s , connects the Burnley to Manchester lines and would cut travel time to 40 minutes . Commuters currently have to change trains at Hebden Bridge , meaning the journey takes one hour 20 minutes . A spokesman for Network Rail said it would need money from other bodies - possibly the local council or from the North West Development Agency - to bring the plans to fruition . Hyndburn MP Graham Jones said he is `` confident '' the Todmorden Curve will be up and running in three years ' time . `` They [ Network Rail ] have just committed ? ? 300,000 to finalise the study to put the track back and it is a top priority , so I really think it will go ahead . '' He said on his blog : `` This is something I have campaigned vigorously for . Manchester is an economic major growth area and still growing and we must take advantage of that . `` Good public transport always makes for greater economic prosperity . It gives people social and economic mobility . ''	Plans for a faster rail route between East Lancashire and Manchester have moved a step closer .
21 March 2017 Last updated at 22:56 GMT James Wright , the curator of the National Marine Aquarium , said it was `` very surprising '' to see the whale in Devon . He added : `` We would expect to see four or five around the Scottish Islands , but not necessarily around here . `` It 's looking more like it 's actually quite enjoying the area and feeding . `` They tend to move to the colder waters that are more productive , where they are catching smaller fish to feed on , and then they move to warmer waters where the calves are born . ''	A humpback whale spotted in Start Bay , South Devon , is still drawing curious crowds .
Mohammed Abdurezek , who had links to Swansea and Newcastle , was found with several stab wounds by a dog-walker in Siston , South Gloucestershire . Searches at a house six miles ( 10km ) away , in Church Drive , Bristol , are expected to take several days . Police previously said the 31-year-old was killed at a different location to where his body was discovered . Det Ch Insp James Riccio said : `` We 're now conducting searches where we believe Mohammed had been living recently . `` We 're working with residents living in the premises and nearby to ensure any concerns they may have are addressed . `` While the investigation is progressing , we still need more information from the public . '' Witnesses who have seen any kind of assault or suspicious activity between 6 and 11 December in the Church Drive area are urged to contact the force .	A property believed to be the home of a man found dead on Christmas Eve is being searched by police .
The country 's tax office has passed a file to prosecutors , who will decide whether to press charges against the Portuguese Real Madrid striker . Reports in Spain say Ronaldo , 32 , is suspected of defrauding 15m euros ( £13m ) between 2011 and 2014 . In December , leaked documents suggested Ronaldo had avoided tax on income from image rights allegedly held in offshore accounts . He denied the claims . Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho was also implicated in those claims - published after an international consortium of journalists obtained a trove of about 18 million documents . He also denied the claims . On Wednesday , Spain 's Supreme Court confirmed a 21-month jail term handed down last year to Lionel Messi - but the Barcelona and Argentina forward is unlikely to go to prison . Messi and his father Jorge , who manages his finances , were both convicted in 2016 of defrauding Spain of 4.1m euros ( £3.5m ) in taxes .	Cristiano Ronaldo is facing possible charges of tax fraud in Spain .
The 10 swimmers set off from Lechlade , Gloucestershire aiming to complete the 155 mile ( 150km ) route to Putney . Hamish Reid said doggy paddle was the `` perfect stroke '' for river swimming . He added the biggest challenge would come in the tidal section of the Thames . The team has so far raised almost Â£10,000 for the UK Stem Cell Foundation charity . The relay swimmers are accompanied on the river by paddle boarder and a giant inflatable pink dog mascot during the six-day challenge . Mr Reid said : `` There are some strengths of the stroke - you keep your head out of the water , we 're trying not to ingest too much of the Thames . `` It 's good for chatting - with your head up you can chat to boaters and people on the sides . '' He said he came up with the idea to raise money for stem cell research into spinal injuries after a friend was paralysed in a swimming accident . It is hoped they will complete the challenge in Putney on 27 August .	A group of fundraisers has begun an attempt to swim the River Thames restricting themselves to doggy paddle .
A huge hole has been left in the wall of the store in Barnard 's Green , Malvern , with bricks and debris scattered outside . A spokesman for West Mercia Police said the theft had happened overnight on Thursday . The offenders abandoned the vehicle outside the shop , which has been cordoned off while police investigate . Latest updates on this story plus more Worcestershire news Shop owner Jenny Cain said : `` I 've come down here and there 's a JCB gone through the front of my shop , devastated my shop front and taken the ATM . `` They have done untold thousands of pounds of damage and devastated the business . ''	Thieves have used a JCB to smash into a Worcestershire post office to steal a cash machine .
David Worrall almost put Southend ahead , nodding against the post before keeper Tommy Lee saved his rebound . Chesterfield 's Ollie Banks and the hosts ' Tyrone Barnett both threatened , while Southend had a penalty turned down when Sam Hird felled David Mooney . With time running out , Banks teed up Novak to win it with a neat finish .	Lee Novak scored a last-minute winner as Chesterfield beat League One play-off chasers Southend to move six points clear of the relegation zone .
The 25-year-old was shot as he sat in a car at McKee Road , Finglas , at about 15:15 local time . RTE has reported he was a well-known dissident republican . The victim was approached by another car and a number of shots were fired . It is believed he was hit in the head , throat and chest . The car used by the attackers was then driven from the scene . A burnt-out vehicle was found nearby . RTE has reported that the man was well-known to police for his involvement in dissident republican activities . It said he had been warned that his life was in danger . A close relative - also involved in dissident republican activity - was shot dead in 2012 . Police are not linking Monday 's murder to a gangland feud in the city that claimed two lives earlier this month .	A man critically injured in a gun attack in north Dublin on Monday afternoon has died in hospital .
The 26-year-old made 24 appearances and scored five times last season to help the Cherries retain top-flight status . Stanislas , a former West Ham United player , is currently sidelined with a groin injury . `` It 's great to be able to secure his long-term future at the club , '' chief executive Neill Blake said .	Bournemouth winger Junior Stanislas has signed a new three-year contract which will keep him at the Premier League club until the summer of 2019 .
She was taken to the Royal Victoria Infirmary at 03:16 GMT and is said to be in a critical but stable condition . Northumbria Police investigating what the drugs were and where they were bought have closed the Happy Chippy on Waterloo Street . Three men aged 17 , 26 and 38 , have been arrested on suspicion of drugs offences . Detectives have asked anyone with information to contact Northumbria Police or Crimestoppers .	A Newcastle chip shop has been closed after a woman who took `` legal high '' tablets became seriously ill .
The bird , known to conservationists as EJ , refused to leave her clutch of eggs even after being buried under snow earlier this week . The latest webcam images of the nest show what the RSPB described as EJ 's `` snow doughnut '' has gone . EJ has been visiting RSPB Scotland 's Loch Garten reserve near Grantown on Spey in the Cairngorms for 15 years . Staff at the reserve said EJ had experienced wintry conditions before and the snow could even act as an insulator . However , the staff added that they could not remember EJ , whose large nest is in a tree , encountering so much snow during her visits to the loch . EJ and her mate Odin are the most successful breeding pair at the Loch Garten site . Over previous seasons 17 of their chicks have fledged . Ospreys migrate from west Africa to Scotland to breed and can be seen hunting for fish from rivers and lochs .	Snow that buried a female osprey and her nest in a tree at a nature reserve in the Highlands has melted away .
The Derby-born businessman took a 22 % stake in the Rams in May 2014 and became chairman in May this year . `` I hope together we can help steer this club into a sustainable place in the Premier League , '' Morris said . Morris first joined the Rams ' board in 2006 and has become increasingly involved since returning as a director . Derby narrowly missed out on promotion from the Championship when they lost the 2014 play-off final against Queens Park Rangers and fell just short of making the play-offs last term after a poor end-of-season run . Former Real Madrid assistant Paul Clement was appointed as manager in the close season and Morris said `` many of the key components were in place '' to help the Rams return to the top flight . But he said : `` I am conscious that we must all commit our total support in pursuit of this goal , which I know is shared by all of us . `` I wish to pay tribute to the North American ownership group [ North American Derby Partners LLP ] , who collectively provided the finance and leadership stability the club needed following the traumatic times which followed the 2007/8 season in the Premier League . `` They have been terrific to work with , and I am sure they will continue to follow the Rams well into the future . ''	Derby County chairman Mel Morris has become the club 's sole owner after buying out the American ownership group for an undisclosed fee .
The Great Britain hockey side who won gold at Rio 2016 have been named Team of the Year . Cyclist Kenny won team pursuit and omnium gold during the summer . The 24-year-old beat fellow cyclist Sarah Storey , who has won 14 Paralympic gold medals and Jade Jones , who successfully defended her Olympic taekwondo title , to the prize . Nicola Adams ( boxing ) , Charlotte Dujardin ( equestrianism ) Johanna Konta ( tennis ) were the other nominees . The other awards handed out were : Olympian of the Year : Helen Glover & Heather Stanning ( rowing ) Paralympian of the Year : Kadeena Cox ( athletics & track cycling ) Young Sportswoman of the Year : Siobhan-Marie O'Connor ( swimming ) Helen Rollason Award for Inspiration : Hannah Francis ( a teenage eventing rider , who died in August after losing her battle with a rare bone cancer ) Lifetime Achievement Award : Professor Celia Brackenridge ( researcher and activist ) Community Award : Kirsty Cameron ( founder of Ladies Leisurely Cycles Facebook group )	Four-time Olympic gold medallist Laura Kenny has been named the 2016 Sunday Times Sportswoman of the Year .
The extension to the 19th Century museum in Dorchester includes new galleries , a learning centre , library , cafe and shop . The Grade I listed building was built to house the museum 's collection , which now boasts four million artefacts . Planners approved proposals to reconfigure and extend existing buildings , install a shop front and demolish un-listed buildings . The project is due to be completed by 2020 . The museum is to host the Natural History Museum 's diplodocus skeleton replica which is touring in 2018 . Dippy on Tour , which will be in Dorchester from 10 February to 8 May , will be the last temporary exhibition to be hosted by Dorset County Museum before parts of the galleries are closed for the refurbishment . The extension is being part-funded by a £10m lottery grant , with the museum raising the remaining £3m .	A £13m extension and upgrade to Dorset County Museum has been approved .
15 December 2014 Last updated at 16:16 GMT When Ruuxa was born , his mum could n't take care of him properly and he was hand-reared by zoo keepers at San Diego Zoo Safari Park . The zoo keepers there paired Ruuxa with Raina , a Rhodesian ridgeback , when she was around four weeks old , to be his life-long friend . The video shows Ruuxa and Raina running around together , after Ruuxa recently had to have an operations on his legs . Raina went with him to the hospital and sat with him after the operation , whilst he recovered . Ruuxa has made a complete recovery and is happy to be running around again with his puppy pal .	A cheetah cub called Ruuxa and puppy named Raina have been raised together as friends at a zoo in America .
Witnesses said five people were on the path when about 50m ( 150ft ) crumbled into the shoreline , in late morning local time . Search operations are now under way . The elevated path was built ahead of the Rio Olympics this summer . The cause of the collapse is not yet known . No events were planned for the bike lane , which opened earlier this year . A witness , Ademir Guedes , told the O Globo newspaper ( in Portuguese ) he was cycling along the route before being alerted to the danger . `` I thought he was joking . I never imagined a newly built bike path would collapse . I went slowly to the edge of the cliff . Then drivers started shouting at me warning of the risk . ''	Part of a coastal cycleway in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro has collapsed , killing at least two people .
Artist Luke Jerram is behind Treasure City where artworks worth at least Â£1,000 each have been hidden around Scunthorpe , North Lincolnshire . To find and keep the pieces , visitors to the 20-21 Arts Centre in the town must study paintings with codes - some of which are `` extremely hard '' to crack . Mathematician and code-setter Dan Fretwell has encrypted the messages . There was a queue of people eager to see the paintings with the codes as the arts centre opened at 10:00 GMT . Bristol-based artist Mr Jerram said : `` There is no way I could crack the most difficult one , I could certainly crack probably two or three of the paintings . `` Some are really easy to decode , whereas the most complicated painting , it would take maybe a month for someone to perhaps work it out . '' Mr Fretwell added : `` One of the puzzles may take some months or even years to solve , if indeed it is ever cracked . '' The five objects cast into gold for the project are replicas of objects from North Lincolnshire Museum and were made from gold worth Â£1,000 . The finished pieces could be worth even more . The Treasured City exhibition runs until 29 April .	A hunt for five gold art works , which can only be found by cracking clues in five paintings , has started .
Joanne Mogavero , from Florida , suffered first and second degree burns when the lid popped off a cup of coffee at a Starbucks in 2014 , a jury was told . Her lawyers had argued that Starbucks should warn its customers that lids could pop off . The jury awarded Ms Mogavero $ 85,000 for pain and suffering and more than $ 15,000 to cover medical bills . Starbucks says it is considering an appeal . The incident happened at a drive-through outlet in Jacksonville as she took the hot drink from an employee and prepared to pass it to her passenger . Her lawyer , â€‹Steve Earle , â€‹ said : `` My client did n't want sympathy from the jury - she wanted justice - and the jury gave it to her with its verdict . '' In a statement , Ms Mogavero 's legal team said a Starbucks representative had testified during the court hearing in Duval County , Florida , that the company gets 80 complaints a month about problems with lids popping off or leaking . A Starbucks spokesperson told the BBC : `` As we said in trial , we stand behind our store partners in this case and maintain that they did nothing wrong . ''	A US woman has been awarded more than $ 100,000 ( Â£77,000 ) after being severely scalded by a cup of Starbucks coffee .
West Yorkshire Police said officers were called to Athol Close , off Athol Road , at about 13:15 GMT following reports a man had been attacked . A force representative said a man was found with serious injuries was treated by paramedics but later died . The man has not been identified . Two men aged 33 and 25 have been arrested on suspicion of murder .	A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man in Ovenden , near Halifax .
Canoe slalom hope David Florence , 33 , of Aberdeen , won Olympic silver medals in Beijing and London . George Florence , 62 , is a senior pilot with BA and flew Team GB 's first athletes - including his son - into Rio on Sunday night . The four-strong slalom team were the first Team GB athletes to check in to the Olympic village . Mr Florence Snr is a former Scottish national canoe champion . He will return to Rio in two weeks to watch his son compete .	A Scottish double Olympic medal winner has been flown to Rio for the 2016 Games - by his father .
He succeeds Peter Banks , who left the role in September . Rudd is the coach of 2012 Olympic gold medallist and world record holder Ruta Meilutyte and 2016 Olympic finalist Ben Proud . He was also instrumental in building the Plymouth Leander club into one of most successful teams in Europe . Rudd , who has worked as head coach of the senior Great Britain and England teams in recent years , will spearhead Ireland 's preparations for the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo . `` I am honoured to take on this role for Swim Ireland - it is an exciting opportunity , '' said Rudd . `` I will now build a world-class team around me that can help Ireland find that elusive podium finish at World and Olympic level . ''	Two-time British coach of the year , Jon Rudd , is to take over as the National Performance Director of Swim Ireland in February .
An internal disciplinary hearing found Slater guilty after reviewing an incident during the first half of Saturday 's 43-0 Champions Cup defeat . He will now miss Anglo-Welsh Cup ties with Northampton Saints and Saracens . A club statement said : `` Ed regrets his actions in the heat of a vital club match and will look forward to his return to action following suspension . ''	Leicester Tigers have suspended lock Ed Slater for two weeks for striking an opponent during their loss to Glasgow .
Local charities and an MP have warned that survivors of domestic violence could be at risk as a result . Cease 24 , which offers victims support and advice , had been part-funded by Northumberland County Council . The service , based in the north of the county , is run by charity Victim Support with a mixture of public donations and local authority funding . A local charity supporting rape victims , Grace , warned that north Northumberland would have no service for domestic violence survivors as a result of the closure . Andrea Perrett from Grace said : `` Because Cease 24 is only working with high-risk clients , the danger is that these survivors are not going to have support . '' Berwick Liberal Democrat MP Sir Alan Beith called on the three agencies to work out a solution . Northumbria Police and Crime Commissioner Vera Baird said she would not have funding for victims ' services until April next year . The council said it would maintain its current commitment to supporting victims of domestic abuse , despite having to make Â£32m of savings this year .	A domestic violence support service in Northumberland will close next month after running out of council funding .
The food bible 's latest edition of its Tokyo guide gave the rating to Tsuta , a tiny nine-seat restaurant in the north of the city . Ramen is an ubiquitous dish in Japan which has its roots in Chinese noodles . It is widely seen as a type of fast food , although more shops have been offering gourmet options . The Tokyo Michelin Guide also lists 27 other ramen shops , but they are under its Bib Gourmand section which is below its three-star system and emphasises cheaper restaurants . Tsuta -which sells bowls for $ 7- $ 9.75 ( Â£4.50-Â£6.50 ) - is known in Tokyo for its fusion ramen and has been called `` the finest ramen in northern Tokyo '' by The Japan Times . The Michelin guide recommends Tsuta 's ramen flavoured with red wine and rosemary barbecued pork , as well as its ramen with a `` memorable porcini mushroom fragrance '' . One of Tsuta 's cooks , Takatoshi Itami , told AFP news agency : `` The most important thing is that customers like our ramen . We have good reviews thanks to them - getting a star was not our priority . ''	A popular Tokyo noodle shop has vaulted into the world 's top ranks of restaurants by becoming the first ramen eatery to receive a Michelin star .
Kendal Mountain Festival , which was held on the 17- 20 November , attracted 14,000 visitors and generated £2m in visitor spend in and around the town . Held annually for 16 years , the event includes workshops , exhibitions and a trail run for outdoor enthusiasts . Director of Kendal Mountain Events , Steve Scott , said it was `` great news '' it is attracting so many visitors . The independent research was carried out by Kendal company Red Research on behalf of South Lakeland District Council . The council estimated expenditure for the festival was £318,500 .	Kendal 's economy received a £2m boost following its annual mountain festival , a study has found .
Fans in the UK are currently limited to audio commentary by rights issues , but Championship , League One and Two matches will be available to watch abroad from August . The digital platform , called iFollow , will cost £110 for full access . Currently , 61 of 72 EFL clubs have signed up to the EFL Digital platform . However , the EFL says that 11 clubs still have the provision to offer the streaming through their own digital providers including Aston Villa , Bristol City , Queens Park Rangers and Accrington Stanley . Streaming packages in other sports have given fans the opportunity to follow their teams from afar , particularly in the United States . The North American-based National Football League , National Hockey League and National Basketball League governing bodies have web-based streaming packages , while in Australia , rugby league and Australian Rules followers can subscribe to NRL and AFL streaming . `` The new iFollow platform represents a potentially significant new revenue stream for clubs , '' EFL chief executive Shaun Harvey said . `` While enabling enhanced engagement with existing fans now living abroad . `` iFollow will also present the EFL with an important opportunity to stimulate the interest of new groups of supporters who follow our clubs overseas , which in turn will help support the growth of our competitions on the international stage . ''	The English Football League is to provide live streaming of every non-televised game to overseas supporters from the 2017-18 season onwards .
Frances Cappuccini , a 30-year-old primary school teacher , died at Tunbridge Wells Hospital in 2012 . Dr Errol Cornish , 67 , of Bromley , south-east London , pleaded not guilty to a charge of gross negligence manslaughter at the Old Bailey . Representatives of Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust denied corporate manslaughter . It is the first time an NHS Trust has been charged with corporate manslaughter since the offence was introduced in 2008 . A trial date of 11 January 2016 was set . It is not yet known where the trial will be held . Dr Cornish , who is a consultant anaesthetist , was released on bail . An international arrest warrant remains in place for Dr Nadeem Azeez formerly of Chestnut Avenue , Tunbridge Wells . He is believed to have left the country and returned to Pakistan . The Crown Prosecution Service has authorised a charge of gross negligence manslaughter against Dr Azeez .	A doctor has denied the manslaughter of a woman who died giving birth to her second son by emergency Caesarean .
The 28-year-old and her London 2012 horse Valegro took the Freestyle class with a new floor-plan routine and music that scored 92.179 % . Germany 's Helen Langehanenberg finished second with 87.339 % , and Dutch rider Edward Gal third on 83.696 % . Media playback is not supported on this device Dujardin is now the Olympic , European and World Cup champion . `` I am absolutely over the moon , '' she said . `` Winning the Grand Prix and Freestyle at my first World Cup final is just absolutely fantastic . It was so much fun in the arena . `` He ( Valegro ) gives me so much and that 's all you can ask for . It is just fantastic to be able to have him . It 's all a dream come true . `` Now that I 've done this music once , hopefully it can only get better and I think this one could actually beat my Olympic music . '' Gloucestershire-based Dujardin will next target the World Equestrian Games in late August .	Britain 's Olympic dressage champion Charlotte Dujardin followed Saturday 's Grand Prix win with victory in the World Cup final in Lyon on Sunday .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 29 September 2015 Last updated at 09:53 BST George Adam was speaking to BBC Radio Scotland 's Good Morning Scotland programme ahead of Culture Secretary Fiona Hyslop being quizzed about the government money . Earlier in the programme , Labour MSP Alex Rowley said there needed to be greater clarity on the matter . Mr Adam responded by saying : `` I listened to Alex Rowley 's interview and I was quite disappointed because Alex is normally very reasonable . `` He has almost made it sound as if it is a witch hunt with the individuals that we are talking about here , making unfounded allegations . ''	An SNP MSP has warned that a probe over £150,000 given to the T in the Park music festival should not turn into a witch hunt .
Glyndwr University bought the ground and fans group Wrexham Supporters ' Trust took over the club when it got into difficulties in 2011 . The trust board said it was the right time to reacquire the stadium , subject to fans agreeing the deal at a meeting . In a statement , the university said the move would allow the club to `` thrive and grow , both on and off the pitch '' . The deal does not include Colliers Park training ground . The Centenary Club , next to the stadium , will continue as the students ' bar .	Wrexham FC look set to sign a 99-year lease to regain control of the Racecourse stadium .
The accident , which involved a silver Ford Fiesta and a blue Volkswagen Touran , happened on the A85 , a mile west of Methven , at about 11:30 . The Fiesta driver was airlifted to a hospital in Glasgow while the Touran driver was taken to Ninewells Hospital with serious leg injuries . His passenger suffered minor injuries . The road was closed in both directions . Police have appealed to anyone who was travelling on the A85 who may have seen either of the vehicles before the crash , or anyone who may have information , to contact them .	A 52-year-old man has been airlifted to hospital with serious chest injuries following a two-car crash in Perthshire .
Any tie-up would create the UK 's leading insurance , savings and asset management firm by customer numbers . Friends Life said it had `` indicated to Aviva that it is willing to recommend the key financial terms of the possible offer to Friends Life shareholders '' . Aviva would offer Friends Life shareholders 0.74 shares for each Friends Life share . Friends Life was formed in 2011 after the amalgamation of Friends Provident , the majority of Axa UK Life and Bupa Health Assurance . They were rebranded to form Friends Life Group .	Aviva and Friends Life are in talks about a possible £5.6bn merger deal , the two insurance companies have said .
Steven Saxon , 57 , from Milton Keynes , attacked the girl in Leighton Buzzard over a two year period when she was aged between 10 and 12 years old . Luton Crown Court was told the young girl told her mother in 2012 what had been going on and Saxon was arrested . He was found guilty of seven offences of sexual assault on a girl under 13 following a trial . Saxon , of Redding Grove , Crownhill , Milton Keynes , had spent 31 years with Bedfordshire Police . The court heard he had massaged the girl and touched her bottom and breasts . Toby Long , defending , said his client had always maintained he was an innocent man . He told Judge Michael Kay QC : `` In accordance with my client 's instructions you will be sending an innocent man to prison . `` It 's his case that he told the truth at his trial . '' Judge Kay told Saxon he had groomed the girl . `` Your position is that I am sending an innocent man to prison , but that is not the verdict of the jury and I abide by the verdict of the jury . '' He said his name would go on the sex offenders ' register .	A former policeman has been jailed for four years for child sex offences involving a young girl in Bedfordshire .
Anderson , 45 , defeated Adrian Lewis 7-5 to retain the PDC World Championship title at Alexandra Palace on Sunday . The Scot , who miscounted three times during the final , told BBC Radio 5 live : `` I need to get my eyes tested - I am seeing numbers that are n't there . `` But I would have to change something , to get used to playing in glasses . '' Anderson , who was the only player to complete a nine-dart finish in the tournament , says he has experimented with wearing glasses during practice . But while his eyesight improves , his throwing style is hampered . `` I have used reading glasses when I have had a throw , and I can see the board fine , but I find that I am knocking them halfway across my face , '' he added . Anderson , who allowed Lewis to draw back to 2-2 after miscounting when well-placed for a break in the fourth set , insists his mistakes were due to a lack of mental focus rather than an eyesight issue . `` I was having a bad day and the brain was n't ticking over quite right , '' he said . `` I have made few mistakes over the past couple of weeks , but I think it is just concentration . You are working everything out all the time . ''	PDC world champion Gary Anderson says his eyesight `` is getting a bit dodgy '' but would need to adapt his throwing action if he played wearing glasses .
The South Africa back row had to be carried off during the Sharks ' 24-9 Super Rugby defeat by the Lions . The 24-year-old is moving to Ulster in the summer , but his debut will now be delayed by several months . `` Marcell is already taking a positive outlook , '' said Bryn Cunningham , Ulster 's Operations Director . `` He is really excited about getting fitter and stronger than ever before , to excel for Ulster next season and beyond . `` I spoke with Marcell and his agent over the weekend to express our sympathy with the injury . `` It was incredibly unlucky , but that is the nature of any contact sport . `` We have been discussing rehab schedules and other finer details , and also an arrival time for next season , which will be finalised in the next few weeks . '' After being carried off on a stretcher , Coetzee was taken to hospital in Durban and Sharks coach Gary Gold said it did not look good . Coetzee , who has 28 South Africa caps , is to join Ulster on a three-year contract after the end of the Super Rugby season .	Ulster have been in contact with new signing Marcell Coetzee after he sustained a bad knee injury playing for his current club the Sharks .
The attack took place in the Sabaa al-Bour area , about 30km ( 20 miles ) north of Baghdad . At least 25 people were wounded in the attack , which targeted evening prayers . There has been a surge in sectarian attacks in recent months on targets like mosques , restaurants and local markets . The suicide bombing came after three other attacks in the north of Iraq killed a further nine people . The violence has rekindled fears the country is being dragged towards a wider conflict between the Shia majority and the Sunni minority . Sunnis have accused the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki of discriminating against them - a claim the government denies . Last month was the bloodiest in Iraq since June 2008 , with 1,045 civilians and security officials killed .	A suicide bomber has killed at least 14 people in an attack on a Shia mosque near the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , officials say .
The app attracted much attention when it was launched at the SXSW festival in Austin , Texas , last year . The firm behind it - Life on Air - has instead been developing an app which allows groups of friend to chat live . Houseparty has reportedly already attracted nearly one million users . `` We may have just pulled Meerkat from the app store , but it was actually six months after we launched that we made the decision to change direction , '' said Life On Air co-founder Ben Rubin . He added that the mission of the company remained to `` connect people in the most human way possible while physically apart '' . `` Not only do we believe that Houseparty is a better manifestation of that vision , but also the market has told us that too . '' Houseparty , which has been in development for 10 months , moves away from public broadcasts in favour of private chats . The app allows users to create and join `` rooms '' with up to eight participants .	Live-streaming app Meerkat has been pulled from the app store , following stiff competition from Twitter 's Periscope and Facebook 's live-streaming services .
The £13m facility , which includes an eight-lane 25m ( 82ft ) swimming pool , opened on Aberavon seafront on Monday . The Afan Lido was destroyed in a fire in 2009 and demolished in 2011 . Anthony Williams from Celtic Leisure , the company managing the centre , said they had been `` chocka since six this morning '' . The new facility , which is next to the old Afan Lido site , has a 100-station gym , a large indoor sports hall , a smaller swimming pool for learners and a cafe . The original Afan Lido was opened by the Queen in 1965 , and in its early days hosted major concerts by Pink Floyd and Spencer Davis , and in recent years Coldplay and McFly .	A new sports complex in Port Talbot has opened to the public more than six years after the town 's lido was destroyed in a fire .
The Dowty Propellers factory in Staverton was almost completely destroyed in a fire on 5 January . A spokeswoman for parent company GE Aviation said the workers were given one-week 's notice plus two days pay . She added that about two-thirds of the 200-strong workforce will be redeployed by the end of the week . Over 100 engineers and support staff have already been re-housed at the Bishops Cleeve site , near Cheltenham . GE Aviation 's Jennifer Villarreal said some staff will work from portable buildings and other buildings at the Staverton site by Friday . Equipment and machinery from the fire-hit factory will be cleaned and decontaminated to see what can be salvaged . Ms Villarreal said the company was still working with fire officials on an investigation to determine the cause of the blaze .	Eleven contractors at a propeller firm near Gloucester have been let go by the company following a catastrophic blaze earlier this month .
Met Police officers were called at 07:55 BST on 10 April to an address on Tolworth Broadway . London Ambulance took the boy to a south London hospital , were he was pronounced dead about an hour later . Officers said they were treating the death as `` unexplained '' . No arrests have been made . A spokesperson for the Met said : `` At this early stage , the death is being treated as unexplained pending a post-mortem examination . `` Officers from the sexual offences , exploitation and child abuse command have been informed and are carrying out inquiries into the circumstances of the death . ''	The death of a four-month-old baby is to be investigated by child abuse officers after he was found ill at home in south-west London .
Historic Scotland is assessing the extent of the damage so the area can be made safe following the rockfalls which happened on Saturday and Sunday . The whole road has been closed to vehicles and a section where the rocks fell is also closed to pedestrians . Pedestrians are being sent on a diversion via Duddingston . It is not yet known how long the road will be closed .	The `` high road '' on Arthur 's Seat has been closed following two rockfalls .
Mr Crabb first got the job in July 2014 , after being a junior Wales Office minister and a government whip . The prime minister , who leads the first Tory majority government in 18 years , has spent the weekend assembling his new team of ministers . Mr Crabb was first elected as MP for Preseli Pembrokeshire in 2005 . Last week , he said he was `` excited '' by the prospect of providing further Welsh devolution , and committed to ensuring `` fair funding '' for Wales . Mr Crabb was named 2014 Welsh Politician of the Year , when the chair of judges said he had `` revitalised '' political debate . Raised by a single parent in a council house , he grew up in Haverfordwest and attended the town 's Tasker Milward School .	Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb is waiting to hear if he will keep his post in David Cameron 's new Conservative government .
For the next 10 weeks , shoppers who do not bring their own bags to the shops in Aberdeen , Dundee and Norwich will have to buy a `` bag for life '' costing either 8p or 10p . It is part of a trial to further cut the number of bags in circulation . If successful , the withdrawal of 5p bags could be rolled out by Tesco in its stores across the UK . A Tesco spokesman said : `` We are carrying out a short trial in a few stores to look at the impact on bag usage if we remove single-use carrier bags . `` In these stores customers who need a bag can still buy a bag for life which they can reuse . '' Online customers will still be able to buy 5p bags , but Tesco said 57 % per cent of them already opt for bag-less deliveries .	Tesco has stopped the sale of 5p plastic carrier bags in a trial at three of its stores .
South Yorkshire Police said the crash happened on the A616 bypass between Wortley and Tankersley at 10:10 GMT on Friday . The driver of a blue Vauxhall Astra died at the scene . The driver of a Mercedes van was taken to hospital . Officers said his injuries were not thought to be serious . Police are appealing for witnesses .	A 21-year-old man has died in a collision between a van and a car in Barnsley ,
The route was shut at the Cuckoo Bridge roundabout following the incident . Diversions were put in place with one lane also closed westbound . The lorry was moved shortly before 12:00 .	The A75 Dumfries bypass has reopened after a lorry carrying pig carcasses overturned causing lengthy traffic delays .
26 February 2015 Last updated at 17:08 GMT Ed scooped the night 's main award , album of the year , for his record X - which was the best-selling record of 2014 in the UK . `` I was really worried about this album , '' he said , accepting his trophy from actor Russell Crowe , `` it took a long time to make . '' He added it had been a `` very , very good year for British music '' . Watch Leah 's report .	Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith both walked away with two prizes at this year 's Brit Awards .
Michael Rankine gave the hosts the lead straight from a long-range free-kick before the break but Dover came back . Nicky Deverdics and Chris Kinnear worked together to set up Ricky Miller to tap in their first from close range . Dover wrapped up the win when Stefan Payne took the ball and fired in from an acute angle . Altrincham slip to 22nd following the defeat and are now three points from safety while play-off chasing Dover remain fourth and have a six-point cushion on sixth-placed Braintree .	Altrincham slipped into the National League relegation places as visitors Dover Athletic came from behind to seal all three points .
The trio , who won team bronze at the 2016 World Championships , are joined by England number four David McBeath . The 2017 event will focus on individual events and all four will play singles and doubles matches . No women 's squad will go to Germany as the top two players - Kelly Sibley and Tin-Tin Ho - are unavailable . The World Championships start on 29 May . At the last individual World Championships in 2015 , Pitchford reached the last 32 , the best performance by an English player since 1999 . Pitchford , Drinkhall and Walker made up the Great Britain men 's team who reached the quarter-finals of their event in Rio last summer .	Rio Olympians Paul Drinkhall , Liam Pitchford and Sam Walker will lead England 's squad at the World Championships in Dusseldorf in May .
Health officials admit they are worried by the timing , as the kingdom prepares to welcome around two million Muslims for the Hajj next month . Mers infections have been recorded in countries across the Middle East , Europe and Asia . The virus first emerged in Saudi Arabia in 2012 . The World Health Organization ( WHO ) says many of the recent cases are associated with an outbreak at a hospital in Riyadh . Mers is caused by a coronavirus , a type of virus which includes the common cold and Sars ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) . Globally , at least 515 people have died as a result of Mers since September 2012 , according to the WHO .	Saudi Arabia has announced four more deaths from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome ( Mers ) , bringing the number of deaths in the past week to 17 .
The lower house backed the removal of a controversial clause known as Article 308 . Rights activists have long campaigned to abolish the provision , whose proponents argued protected victims from the social stigma of rape . The decision must still be approved by Jordan 's upper house and ratified by the king before it takes effect . Jordan is one of a declining handful of countries in the region with such loopholes in its penal code . Last week Tunisia revoked a similar provision for rapists there , while Lebanon is also considering following suit . In Jordan , a pro-Western but socially conservative kingdom , campaigners welcomed the move . `` This is a victory for the women 's movement and human rights movement in Jordan , '' Salma Nims , of the Jordanian National Commission for Women , told the Associated Press news agency . Article 308 had allowed for perpetrators to have rape charges dropped if they married their victim and did not get divorced for at least three years . Some MPs had wanted to keep it restricted to cases where a suspect was accused of consensual sex with a person between 15 and 17 years of age . A royal committee and the Jordanian cabinet had already called for the provision to be dropped . Other countries in the Middle East and North Africa which still have such laws are Algeria , Iraq , Kuwait , Libya and Syria , as well as the Palestinian territories , according to Human Rights Watch .	Jordanian MPs have voted to scrap a law enabling rapists to avoid punishment if they marry their victim .
The Kiwis continued their dominant form by winning both races in Bermuda on Sunday , adding to their two victories from race one and two on Saturday . Defending champions the USA began the best-of-13 series with a one-point advantage after winning the earlier qualifying regatta , which was erased by New Zealand 's race-one win . Racing will resume again next Saturday . The final is a repeat of the last time the trophy was contested in 2013 , when Team USA came from 8-1 down to win 9-8 . Four years ago , New Zealand were eventually overhauled by an Oracle team that featured Britain 's Ben Ainslie as tactician in what is regarded as one of sport 's great comebacks . Ainslie 's British team were knocked out at the semi-final stage this year , losing 5-2 to the Kiwis . The America 's Cup , the oldest competition in international sport , was first raced in 1851 around the Isle of Wight and has only been won by four nations .	Emirates Team New Zealand moved into a 3-0 lead over Oracle Team USA after the first four races of the America 's Cup .
Age and deteriorating health meant that he was finding it difficult to continue his role , the 82-year-old emperor said . He stopped short of using the word `` abdicate '' , but indicated a strong wish to hand over his duties . Opinion polls showed that the vast majority of Japan sympathised with the emperor 's desire to retire .	Japan came to a brief standstill on Monday as crowds gathered to watch the country 's Emperor Akihito 's second-ever televised message to the public .
Det Con Michael Stokes , 35 , from Glynneath , and Stephen Phillips , 47 , of Swansea , deny taking cash found in a safe in Swansea in 2011 . The jury has already been directed to find a third officer not guilty of theft . The trial has been held at Cardiff Crown Court . The hearing , which began at the beginning of the month , was told the cash was taken during or after houses were searched four years ago . No action was taken against the occupants , so a cheque was written for Joedyn Luben , but he complained that the amount was less than that seized . Giving evidence , Mr Phillips , a former detective sergeant , denied he and a colleague took the cash when they were counting it . And Mr Stokes told jurors he was only joking when he told a colleague he had taken money .	A jury has retired to consider verdicts in the trial of a detective and his former colleague who are accused of stealing £30,000 in a police raid .
James Whitlock , 31 , was arrested at an address in Homerton , east London , at about 16:30 GMT on Sunday . Two men , aged 48 and 19 , were also arrested at the address on suspicion of assisting an offender . His fellow absconder , Matthew Baker , 28 , was arrested at an address in Ilford , north-east London , on Wednesday . Baker was taken to a north London police station , and then to hospital , where he remains , for treatment to a leg injury . A 21-year-old woman and a 33-year-old man were also arrested . And a 24-year-old woman was arrested on Thursday . Baker was awaiting sentencing for attempted murder . Whitlock was on remand charged with conspiracy to steal from 19 cash machines across south-east England between last December and August . It is understood the pair used diamond-edged cutting equipment to break cell bars before scaling the perimeter wall of Pentonville . Their escape was discovered when officers carrying out checks found two pillows made to look like bodies in the prisoners ' beds on Monday morning .	A second prisoner who escaped from London 's Pentonville prison on Monday has been recaptured by police .
Lauric Lebato , 22 , from London , died in hospital after being found with a stab wound in Albion Street , Leicester , at about 04:00 GMT on Saturday . A 20-year-old man has been arrested in Kent on suspicion of murder and remains in custody . Two other men , aged 19 and 20 , have also been arrested in Kent on suspicion of violent disorder . They were also held on suspicion of being in possession of an offensive weapon . More on this story and other news in Leicestershire Police said they believed Mr Lebato was at a party in a nearby flat before the attack . His father , Tagbeu Lebato , urged anyone who knew anything about his son 's death to tell police and not `` hold it back '' .	A man has been arrested over the death of another man who was stabbed in a street attack .
7 April 2016 Last updated at 18:14 BST Giant machines are pulling down the old Central Library , with nearly 17,000 tonnes of concrete already removed . The Paradise Development is one of the biggest city centre regenerations outside London . It covers more than 17 acres and the whole project will cost Â£650 million .	It 's the latest and probably the most unlikely tourist attraction in Birmingham , a demolition site in the heart of the city .
Calum Melville , a director of Dundee Football Club , was head of the offshore division of marine safety company Cosalt . Mr Melville has resigned as a director of the company . Cosalt said in a statement it did not believe there had been any illegal activity .	A leading Aberdeen businessman has been suspended from his post while management carry out a review of working practices .
20 April 2015 Last updated at 07:23 BST The skin of glass frogs is so see-through that you can see organs that are inside its body . They are usually found in parts of Central and South America and scientist Brian Kubicki reckons that the discovery of this new species means the wildlife in Costa Rica 's mountain area - where it was found - is doing well . The new species has a different colouring , skin texture and call . Check out the clip to see what glass frogs are like ...	A brand new species of'see-through ' glass frog has been discovered in Costa Rica , Central America .
William Bertram , known as `` Wink '' , was fatally injured after his car came off the road near Howgate . Mr Bertram , from Eddleston , had been on his way to work . The badly damaged vehicle was spotted by another motorist at about 07:30 . A family member said : `` William was a hard working , fun loving and very well-liked guy who will be sorely missed . ''	The family of a man killed in a car crash in Midlothian on Saturday have paid tribute to him .
Keith Livingston , 54 , was also fined Â£150 for two offences under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Friday . The conditions of the Asbo prevent him from entering land with a dog or with other people with a dog for 18 months . Livingston was arrested near Pathhead , Midlothian in October 2014 . PC Jamie Hood , of Police Scotland , said : `` Hare coursing is a crime that has no consideration for wildlife or the impact on people who legitimately make a living from the land . `` People involved in this activity can also be involved in other criminal activity . `` This sentence should serve as a serious deterrent to anyone involved in hare coursing in Scotland . ''	A man caught hare coursing in East and Midlothian has received the first Anti Social Behaviour Order ( Asbo ) for the crime in Scotland .
19 July 2013 Last updated at 17:06 BST Leah gets some tips on how to protect your pets and keep them cool .	Many of us are sweating in the heatwave - but pet owners need to think about their animal friends too !
Cavaleiro became Wolves ' record signing when he joined from Monaco for a reported £7m fee in August . The 23-year-old has made 22 league appearances for the Championship side , but has started in only 12 games . Wolves are 18th in the Championship table , seven points above the relegation zone .	Wolves head coach Paul Lambert says winger Ivan Cavaleiro will be unavailable for `` a few weeks '' after he suffered a knee injury .
Traffic between Scotland and England faced disruption over the weekend as the work was carried out removing Bothwellpark Road Bridge near Hamilton . The structure had to be taken down so the motorway could be widened and a new bridge has been put in place . Transport Scotland said the work had gone well and the M74 reopened just before midnight on Sunday . A spokesman said : `` The work to demolish the Bothwellpark road bridge has progressed well over the course of the weekend , with clean-up operations under way during Sunday . `` Transport Scotland would like to thank road users for heeding advice and staying clear of the area and for their patience while the work has been carried out . '' The main part of the bridge was taken down overnight and on Saturday morning after the section of motorway between J4 Maryville and J5 Raith closed at 20:00 on Friday . Signed diversons were put in place and extra rail services were laid on to reduce congestion .	A busy section of the M74 motorway has reopened six hours ahead of schedule after the demolition of a bridge .
Babthorpe Hall Farm , near Selby in North Yorkshire , said the free-range hens had come to the end of their working lives . Owner Sheena Seels said there had already been a bit of interest in the birds since her daughter Ellie posted a message on social media . `` It 's been a very positive response , 300 have gone this morning , '' she said . Ms Seels said the mass sale of birds was quite common in the egg industry , as producers restocked with younger birds . `` Once they come to 72 weeks their shell quality goes as the hens get older , '' she said . The brood of Bovan Brown hens are described as having `` lovely friendly temperaments '' . Ms Seels said potential buyers needed to have enough space for the birds to wander about and they would be better with other chickens . `` They do like company . They are very sociable , '' she said . `` They look after themselves , so long as they are fed and watered . ''	About 10,000 live chickens have been put up for sale to the public to stop them from being slaughtered .
The woman was attacked while walking her dog on an isolated path in Peatlands Park , Dungannon , at about 14:45 BST on Wednesday . The area is known for being popular with families . The 23-year-old is expected to appear in court on Monday .	A 23-year-old man has been charged with the rape of a woman in County Tyrone .
The 28-year-old joined from Millwall on a month-long loan earlier this month and received an ovation when replaced on his home debut against Morecambe . `` I 'm not used to that , having played at Millwall , '' Martin told BBC Northampton . `` I maybe was n't a fans ' favourite put it that way , but it was really nice and something that I have n't been used to for a while , to just go out and play . '' Northampton are currently two points clear at the top of League Two , with a game in hand on nearest rivals Plymouth . Martin started his career at Manchester United and had made 11 appearances for League One Millwall before making the move to Sixfields . `` I 've had a bit of pressure on my back being out of the team at Millwall and struggled a little bit , so I 'm just happy to finally get back playing football , '' he added . `` They 're a great bunch of lads here and I think that helps - team spirit 's massive and sometimes smaller squads prosper from it . ''	On-loan Northampton Town winger Lee Martin has praised the club 's fans after his first two games for the side .
Mr Shorten 's centre-left Australian Labor Party ( ALP ) vowed to `` employ Australians first '' in the advert released on Sunday . However , the video was widely criticised for the people it chose to feature , a majority of whom were white . Mr Shorten denied racism , but conceded the video lacked diversity . Another Labor frontbencher , Anthony Albanese , described the advert as a `` shocker '' and said it should `` never have been produced '' . The video featured Mr Shorten criticising his political opponent , Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , over domestic job opportunities . But discussion quickly turned to who was pictured alongside Mr Shorten . The government accused Mr Shorten 's party of trying to appeal to conservative voters , while left-wing Greens politician Sarah Hanson-Young said the video was `` just awful '' . Mr Shorten dismissed accusations of racism as `` rubbish '' , but said his party would show more diversity in future . `` I 've had a look at the final production and I think we should have had more diversity in it and I will be speaking to the Labor Party about that , '' he said . Mr Albanese said he had not seen the advert before it aired on the local Nine network . `` I think anyone who sees it knows exactly what 's wrong with it , '' he said .	Australian Opposition Leader Bill Shorten has admitted making a `` bad oversight '' over a party advert that was accused of being racist .
The 26-year-old has scored eight tries in six Super League matches this season after joining from rivals Hull KR . The club said in a statement that Kelly is likely to miss the game against Salford on 7 April . It added : `` We would like to extend our best wishes to Albert and his family at this difficult time and ask fans and media respect their privacy . ''	Hull FC half-back Albert Kelly has been granted compassionate leave to return to Australia .
1 November 2015 Last updated at 09:22 GMT The last gig of the 'On The Road Again ' tour took place at Sheffield Arena , following sell-out gigs worldwide . Lots of emotional fans , many dressed up for Halloween , gave their opinions on whether this was farewell for good or not . The boys will play the BBC Music Awards in December , they will be taking a year off from March 2016 , following release of their fifth studio album .	We spoke to One Direction fans at their final concert last night to see if they think the boys are splitting up for good , or just taking a break .
The current operator of Wem pool has told the town council it will stop managing it in December . The council has awarded a two-year contract starting in January to the Severn Centre Trust , which runs a leisure and community complex in Highley . Peter Broomhall , mayor of Wem , said the trust had a `` proven track record '' . Mr Broomhall said the town now hoped to get grants to build a fitness suite and improve other facilities at the pool . The Friends of Wem Swimming Pool group also put in a bid to run the pool . Mr Broomhall said he hoped the Friends group would still `` have some input '' in its running . The pool was closed briefly two years ago before the current operator took over .	A new operator has been chosen to run a Shropshire swimming pool where there are plans to improve facilities .
The Smiler at Alton Towers was shut on Saturday after the guide wheels hit riders in the face and shoulder as it went up an incline . A spokeswoman for the park said they had been working with designers to review and replace elements connected to part of the ride affected . She said the £18m ride opened at 10:30 GMT on Thursday after safety checks . `` In line with our operational procedures , the ride was closed following the incident at the weekend and we have been working with the designers to review and replace all of the elements connected to this part of the ride , '' she said . `` We remain committed to ensuring that all of our rides meet the highest standards in all areas and we are sorry for any disappointment caused by The Smiler 's recent unavailability . '' The ride opened in May and includes a drop of 30m ( 98ft ) and 14 loops . Its closure follows another incident on 21 July when 48 people had to be rescued . It closed again in August for five days due to a `` technical issue '' .	A roller coaster has reopened five days after wheels fell off and hit four people in the front carriage .
He was seen entering a toilet cubicle with a woman at Christchurch Airport and will miss the Rugby Championship match against South Africa in Durban . All Blacks head coach Steve Hansen said Smith is `` bitterly disappointed in his behaviour '' . Hansen added the 27-year-old scrum-half `` feels he has let the team , his family and his partner down '' . `` He has asked to go home to deal with the personal matters that have come with this incident and we are happy to support him with that , '' continued Hansen . The coach added Smith 's punishment was decided by the leadership group made up of players within the team . Smith has played 54 Tests for New Zealand since his debut in 2012 , although later that year he was benched for a Test against South Africa after breaking a team curfew . In 2014 he sent a naked picture of himself on Snapchat which was captured by other users and widely circulated .	New Zealand scrum-half Aaron Smith has been dropped for one game for breaching the All Blacks ' standards of behaviour .
Gwendoline Goring was sitting in a children 's play area after becoming breathless when a warden issued an on-the-spot fine . After a protest , Central Bedfordshire Council considered the `` mitigating circumstances '' and rescinded the fine . Mrs Goring said she was `` so glad '' as the fine had been stressful . The council said dog control orders were introduced last October following overwhelming support from the public and town and parish councils . `` They are there to protect people , particularly children , from risks of physical attack as well as to their health if exposed to dog mess , '' a council statement said . `` In view of Mrs Goring 's health issues , we have decided to rescind the fine . '' Ms Goring said the incident happened on Tuesday lunchtime as she was walking with her friend in the park . `` I seemed to be getting out of breath and I did n't feel well , and there are no benches at all in that park , except for the two that are in the play area . `` The council has been so grown up about it and I am so pleased as I did not think I would be let off . ''	An 83-year-old woman has had her fine rescinded for walking her dog in a Dunstable park where animals are banned .
Conlan failed to make a senior appearance for Burnley , but played in 16 games for the Shrimps last season after joining on loan in January . The 20-year-old has also previously spent time on loan with Scottish Championship club St Mirren . `` Luke came in on loan last season and put in some strong performances , '' Morecambe manager Jim Bentley said . `` He 's young , got plenty of potential and will only get better the more he plays and adapts to football at League Two level . '' Morecambe finished 21st in the table last season , 12 points clear of the relegation zone . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two side Morecambe have signed left-back Luke Conlan on a two-year deal following his release by Burnley .
The countries were involved in a row with Fifa because they wanted to wear the symbol of the poppy during matches . The poppy is a symbol that is often worn around Armistice Day on 11 November . Armistice Day is a day every year when the United Kingdom , and other countries , remember those who have lost their lives in war . England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland wanted to wear armbands with poppies on , or have poppy displays on the field or in the stands . But Fifa said that nations are not allowed to display any political , religious or commercial messages . However , the UK 's football teams ignored Fifa . England and Scotland players wore armbands featuring the poppy when they met at Wembley on 11 November . Wales and Northern Ireland 's games had poppy displays on the pitch or in the stands to mark the event . Fifa have fined all four countries for breaking the rules . England have been fined £35,311 , Scotland and Wales £15,694 and Northern Ireland £11,770 .	Fifa , the body in charge of world football , has fined England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland for displaying poppies during World Cup qualifiers around Armistice Day .
Special constables in Darlington discovered the weapon among workmen 's tools in an insecure vehicle , Durham Police said . It was stopped while being driven in the Grange Road area and was also uninsured , a force spokeswoman said . More than 200 knives were handed in during a regional police amnesty in October and November last year .	A cleaver inscribed with the words `` Vectra Distroyer '' has been seized by police from the back seat of a car .
Bond published his first book , A Bear Called Paddington , in 1958 . The character , a marmalade-loving bear from `` deepest , darkest Peru '' who comes to live in London , went on to inspire a series of books , an animated TV series and a film . More than 35 million Paddington books have been sold worldwide . The most recent , Paddington 's Finest Hour , was published in April . Author David Walliams said he `` had the great pleasure of spending time with Michael Bond . On meeting him I realised he was Paddington . '' Actor Hugh Bonneville , who played Mr Brown in the film said `` In Paddington , Michael created a character whose enthusiasm and optimism has given pleasure to millions across the generations . '' As well as Paddington , Michael Bond also created characters including Olga da Polga , A Mouse Called Thursday and a French detective named Monsieur Pamplemousse . A sequel to the Paddington film will be released later this year .	Michael Bond , the creator of beloved children 's character Paddington Bear , has died at the age of 91 , after a short illness .
US markets had fallen again on Thursday as investors mulled the possibility that the US Federal Reserve might raise interest rates as soon as June . Tokyo 's Nikkei 225 index closed up 0.5 % at 16,736.35 . Shares in exporters were lifted after the dollar remained stronger against the yen . Toyota rose 1.2 % while Nissan was 0.9 % higher . Investors are watching the G7 meeting in Japan starting on Friday , which is expected to take up currencies as a topic . In China , Hong Kong 's Hang Seng rose 0.8 % to 19,852.20 , while the mainland 's benchmark Shanghai Composite closed 0.7 % higher at 2,825.48 . In South Korea , the benchmark Kospi index closed flat at 1,947.67 . Australia 's ASX/200 index climbed 0.6 % to finish the day at 5,357.10 . Shares in commodity giant BHP Billiton rose 1 % , while Rio Tinto closed more than 2 % higher .	Japanese stocks traded higher on Friday , shrugging off weak trading on Wall Street .
Sailings of the high-powered trimaran Liberation have been cancelled since Friday because of steering problems . Passengers had been due to be transferred to the Clipper ferry , but that broke down on Saturday morning . Condor said the Liberation would be back in service on Tuesday on the route between the Channel Islands and Poole . The firm has apologised to customers and offered refunds . It said Monday 's Liberation passengers would be transferred to the Tuesday services and its booking staff would work until late on Sunday . Passengers were delayed embarking at Portsmouth on the Clipper for 12 hours on Friday after a ramp failed . The ramp was being fixed on Sunday and the Clipper is expected to sail again on Monday . The firm said fixing the ramp on the Clipper required a specialist crane , which delayed the work . `` We could have lowered the ramp more quickly , but that could have caused permanent damage , so we took the prudent approach of sourcing a specialist crane to lower it , that 's why it took longer , '' said a spokeswoman . Condor 's executive chairman , Russell Kew , said : `` I 'd like to apologise to all those customers who have been inconvenienced over the last 24 hours , and to thank them for their understanding and patience . ''	Ferry passengers between the Channel Islands and the UK face major disruption on Monday with Condor 's fast service out of action for a third day .
Mervyn Storey said the main business organisations had called for the move . The last valuation for business rates was completed in 2015 , but that followed a 10-year gap . Decisions on more controversial changes to the system , like ending exemptions for charity shops , are being left for the next Northern Ireland Executive . Mr Storey said he would like to see the executive keep any increases in rates `` at no more than inflation '' . `` There are no viable alternatives to the existing system , '' he said . The Northern Ireland Independent Retail Trade Association welcomed the commitment to valuations every three years . Its chief executive , Glyn Roberts , said other changes should be `` a top economic issue '' after the Northern Ireland Assembly elections in May . `` With the chancellor announcing last week that many small retailers in England will now be paying no rates at all , the executive has some serious catching up to do , '' he said .	Businesses in Northern Ireland are to have their rates bills revalued every three years beginning in 2019 , the finance minister has said .
The Royal Cornwall Hospitals Trust said the incorrect diagnosis was given in an automatically generated letter sent in November . The trust , which has sites in Truro , Hayle and Penzance , said it has changed procedures and the mistake was `` the result of an administrative error '' . The error was revealed in the trust 's board papers . The identity of the patient has not been released . A trust spokesman said it had apologised to the patient and their family . The spokesman said : `` This was an isolated incident and as a result of the error changes have been made to ensure it can not be repeated in the future . ''	A hospital has apologised for wrongly diagnosing a patient with bowel cancer .
The 22-year-old was murdered by the UVF in Belfast in 1997 . A preliminary inquest hearing into the murder heard that it may take up to four years for an inquest to be ready to proceed . The court was told that the delay was because of ongoing criminal proceedings which may or may not be linked to the murder . It is believed those proceedings relate to Gary Haggarty , the former leader of the UVF in north Belfast , who turned supergrass six years ago . It is understood he has offered to give evidence against those involved in Raymond McCord 's murder . The court was told the inquest into Raymond McCord 's death would not be able to go ahead until the case involving Gary Haggarty is completed . Lord Justice Weir said : `` The case is slightly unusual as somebody has provided the police and the ombudsman with information which might lead to action being taken against people who acted directly or indirectly into the death of Mr McCord . '' Raymond McCord junior was beaten to death before his body was dumped in a quarry near north Belfast in 1997 . No one has ever been convicted of the former RAF man 's murder .	The father of Raymond McCord junior has called for a public inquiry to be heard into his son 's death .
The former Pennsylvania senator won the Iowa caucus in 2012 , but finished bottom in Monday 's vote in the state . He described Mr Rubio , who finished third in Iowa , as a `` born leader '' with an `` optimistic '' outlook he admired . Iowa was first in the state-by-state contest to pick presidential nominees , with voters in New Hampshire getting their turn next Tuesday . Mr Santorum is known for his hardline conservative views on gay marriage , climate change , US acceptance of refugees and abortion . The Christian conservative campaigned on a message of strengthening the middle class and preserving `` traditional family structures '' . He was largely relegated to the `` undercard '' portion of the Republican debates and complained about his lack of media attention . The Republican field is now down to nine from the original 17 . Republican Rand Paul , who represents the libertarian wing of the party , dropped out on Wednesday as well . Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee dropped out shortly after Ted Cruz won the Iowa caucus .	Republican Rick Santorum has dropped his bid for US president and backed Florida Senator Marco Rubio instead .
The Family Division of the High Court heard that police found `` extremist material '' on the teenager 's computer after her parents reported her missing . Barrister Tina Cook QC said the girl , who can not be named , had `` expressed great remorse '' and was embarrassed . The girl was made a ward of court and can not go abroad without approval . Her parents raised the alarm when she went missing last year and another teenager revealed the girl 's plans . Miss Cook , who was representing a local authority with responsibility for the teenager 's care , said she was found on a plane heading to Istanbul . She said there had been `` great panic '' when the girl disappeared and her parents noticed that her passport was missing . The material found on the girl 's computer included a document headed `` 44 ways to support jihad '' , the court was told . Mr Justice Hayden said the teenager had a `` really close shave '' . The girl is one of a number of teenagers thought to be at risk of travelling to areas controlled by Islamic State militants who have been made a ward of court by Mr Justice Hayden in recent weeks . Wards of court can not travel abroad without a judge 's permission . The judge has ruled that no-one can be identified .	A teenage girl who was removed from a plane bound for Turkey by police after being `` radicalised '' has learned her lesson , a judge has been told .
The midfielder , 24 , tested positive for Benzoylecgonine , a metabolite of cocaine , after the club 's match against Hartlepool United on 22 November . He admitted breaking anti-doping rules . The suspension , which followed an Independent Regulatory Commission Hearing , is effective from 15 December 2016 to 14 February 2018 . Lacey , who joined Accrington in July 2016 , made 17 appearances in 2016-17 but has not played since 10 December having been immediately suspended by the Lancashire club pending the outcome of the disciplinary action . `` Accrington Stanley has strong values on anyone taking any prohibited substances and will always act in the strongest possible way to protect the integrity of the football club , '' read a club statement .	League Two club Accrington Stanley have terminated the contract of Paddy Lacey after he was given a 14-month drugs ban by the Football Association .
Thomas Quinn , 30 , ran away from Aintree University Hospital , Liverpool , where he was receiving treatment for a hand injury . Prison officers reported Mr Quinn , who was awaiting a court appearance for robbery offences , had escaped their custody at about 00:30 BST on Thursday . Mr Quinn , of Hall Lane , Wythenshawe , has links to Greater Manchester , North Wales and Ireland . He is described as white , 5ft 9ins , of slight to medium build with brown hair and a tribal tattoo on his right arm . He was last seen wearing a blue T-shirt , grey tracksuit bottoms and navy Adidas trainers and had a bandage on his right hand . Anyone with any information about his whereabouts is advised not to approach him , but to contact Merseyside Police or Crimestoppers .	A prisoner has gone on the run after escaping from hospital .
Belfast City Council 's planning committee gave the proposal the go-ahead at a meeting on Tuesday night . The statue will be put up on Bedford Street at the side of the hall , where Gallagher played regularly throughout the Troubles in Northern Ireland . It was at a time when many other musicians and bands chose to stay away . The proposal for the statue was made to the council by the Wilgar Community Forum in east Belfast . The decision will now go before the full council for approval . Gallagher was born in Ballyshannon , Donegal and spent part of his childhood in Londonderry before moving to Cork and making headlines with his band Taste in the late 1960s . His brother , Dónal Gallagher , said he was `` ecstatic '' with news about the Belfast statue . `` [ Belfast ] was a musical home for him , it was where he left Cork for . `` He had been to London , toured all over Europe but he was looking for a place where he felt he was at one with the music and Belfast offered that . '' Rory Gallagher died in June 1995 at the age of 47 . In 2007 , a memorial plaque to the guitarist was unveiled at the Ulster Hall during a special tribute concert .	A statue of Irish rock and blues legend Rory Gallagher is to be put up at Belfast 's Ulster Hall .
Councillors are set to discuss the budget proposals at a special meeting of the council next week . The budget proposals include reductions to training budgets . Earlier this month , the local authority dropped plans to put up council tax by 18 % and said it would maintain the freeze on household bills . The council 's ruling independent/Conservative administration initially said the move was necessary to protect frontline services . However , council leader Stewart Cree said the amount it could raise would be `` all but wiped out by Scottish government penalties '' . Every Scottish council accepted the Scottish government 's funding deal .	Council workers in Moray are being assured there will be no redundancies or reductions to services in the 12 months , ahead of budget talks .
The 18-year-old joined the National League side from Plymouth Argyle two years ago and made his first-team debut against Basingstoke in October . `` I 'm delighted to sign my first pro contract , it 's what I have lived for since being a young kid , '' Hancox said . `` I want to be more consistent and show what I 'm good at - I 've got to kick on and see what the season can bring . '' Hancox is the third player to sign a new deal with the Gulls , joining Ben Gerring and Sam Chaney .	Torquay United midfielder Will Hancox has signed a one-year deal at the club , his first professional contract .
Evenlode Tower in Blackbird Leys is one of two high-rise buildings owned by Oxford City Council where cladding failed fire safety tests . The authority is looking for mast climbers - a type of moveable platform - to enable cladding to be removed . An Oxford City Council spokesperson said it was `` awaiting a timetable '' for when the process could begin . Cladding removal has started on Windrush Tower - the other Oxford City Council high-rise where cladding failed tests - because mast climbers were already in place for a refurbishment project . 'Pressure on suppliers ' Cladding on 137 high-rise buildings across 41 local authority areas in England has failed fire safety tests , according to the latest figures . Oxford City Council said it had no confirmed date for installing new cladding on the Evenlode and Windrush towers . It expects `` pressure on suppliers '' could lead to increased delivery times and said residents would be the first to know once a timetable was agreed . Oxfordshire 's fire service has said residents are safe to remain in the towers , which both have sprinkler systems fitted .	A council is searching for equipment to enable contractors to remove unsafe cladding from a tower in Oxford .
The team - who have replaced India at the top - have not played a Test at home in six years for security reasons . Pakistan , who drew their recent Test series against England , are the fifth team to top the rankings . `` For us , the number one ranking is not a destination but part of a journey , '' captain Misbah-ul-Haq said . Pakistan were named the number one side after the rain-hit final Test between India and the West Indies at Port of Spain was abandoned as a draw , with only 22 overs possible in five days . India are second in the rankings with 110 points , while England and Australia are in joint third place on 108 points . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Pakistan have become the number one Test team for the first time since the International Cricket Council rankings were introduced in 2003 .
Jonaade Hussain , 27 , and the teenager appeared before magistrates in Leeds earlier . The investigation relates to a `` crash-for-cash '' trial that resulted in four men being jailed for offences including the manslaughter of a woman aged 88 . A 28-year-old man who was also arrested remains in police custody . The three people were initially arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to intimidate jurors and perverting the course of justice . Betty Laird died in hospital after a car she was travelling in was hit on Old Lane , Beeston , Leeds , in 2014 , in a staged `` crash-for-cash '' collision . Mr Hussain , from Leeds , was remanded in custody while the girl , who can not be named because of her age , was released on bail , West Yorkshire Police said .	A man and a 15-year-old girl have been charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice following an investigation into jury tampering .
It said so-called `` Pokestops '' , where players can collect items such as eggs and Poke Balls , could bring risks . Players avoiding checks or opening emergency doors could cause `` wide-reaching police measures and possibly civil damages claims '' . Pokemon Go was rolled out in Germany last month . Pokemon Go 'transformed teenager 's life ' Japan quake regions use Pokemon Go to revive tourism The mobile game , which uses augmented reality , has become a global phenomenon . Separately , police in the city of Osnabrueck said they had rescued a man who `` apparently wanted to catch a particular Pokemon '' from railway tracks . They said the inebriated 22-year-old told them his mobile phone had led him to the spot on Sunday morning . Several trains were delayed while the man was taken to safety , DPA news agency reported . Some banks in the city of Dusseldorf have also banned the game from their premises over data protection concerns . Pokemon Go : All you need to know Pokemon Go is a monster mobile hit US Holocaust museum asks Pokemon Go players to stop Pokemon Go : Pikachu pops up on Downing Street Pokemon Go firm fixes 'full Google access ' error	Police and the airport operators association in Germany has called for Pokemon Go features located beyond security controls to be deleted .
The incident happened between Lydney and Gloucester on Wednesday morning . Trains travelling from south Wales to London are currently diverted through Lydney after the Severn Tunnel was closed for work ahead of rail electrification . A replacement bus service was put in place to take passengers between Severn Tunnel Junction and Cheltenham Spa .	The rail line between Newport and Gloucester has reopened after it closed when a person was hit by a train .
Mae cyflwynwyr , actorion , chwaraewyr rygbi a phêl-droed , academyddion a beirdd ymhlith y bobl sydd wedi ateb ein cwestiynau . Ond faint o sylw oeddech chi ' n ei gymryd o ' u hatebion ? Rhowch gynnig ar ein cwis ...	Mae colofn Ateb y Galw wedi cyrraedd carreg filltir arbennig gan fod 150 o enwogion Cymru bellach wedi rhannu eu cyfrinachau gyda chynulleidfa Cymru Fyw .
The house was badly damaged in the attack at Killyglen Road on Sunday . The man , who is 34 , has also been charged with making threats to kill , intimidation and wasting police time by making a false report . He is expected to appear before Antrim Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday . Paramedics were called to the scene after the stolen silver Peugeot was set on fire outside the house at about 16:45 BST on Sunday , but no-one was taken to hospital . Two other men , aged 23 and 32 , who were also arrested after the attack have been released on police bail pending further inquiries .	Police have charged a man with arson endangering life with intent after a burning car was abandoned outside a house in Larne , County Antrim .
Storms Desmond , Eva , Frank and Gertrude all caused major issues in the area , as did poor weather on 27 January . A council report said 45 % of repairs had been carried out by 21 March . It also concluded that dredging of rivers - a solution which had been suggested - was `` ineffective , uneconomic and unsustainable '' . The report to Scottish Borders Council is the latest update on the impact of flooding which affected towns including Hawick , Jedburgh , Newcastleton and Peebles . The full cost of repairing all the damage has yet to be calculated but the council will get support under the government 's Bellwin Scheme to deal with it . However , it will need to fund the first £508,000 of works . Bridges , embankments , roads , drainage channels , culverts and signs were all damaged during the severe winter weather . It prompted calls - in Hawick in particular - to look at dredging to help alleviate the problem . The report said that , modelled on the River Teviot through the town , it would cost £1.5m and would not `` substantially reduce '' the flood risk .	The cost of repairing damage caused by severe winter weather in the Borders has reached £1.6m , with more than half the works still to be completed .
The core inflation rate , which strips out food and energy prices , was 0.1 % in the month , according to official figures . Food prices rose by 0.2 % , while the energy index rose by 0.1 % as higher prices for petrol offset other lower energy costs . Over the past 12 months , the consumer price index has risen by 0.2 % . Consumer inflation slowed in July following two months of slightly faster gains . The slowdown reflected in part the biggest drop in air fares in nearly two decades . The 0.1 % rise in July followed gains of 0.3 % in June and 0.4 % in May . The US Federal Reserve has said that it needs to feel `` reasonably confident '' that inflation is moving back to its 2 % goal before beginning to raise US interest rates . Some economists have forecast that the Fed will start to raise interest rates at its next meeting in September , given that the US unemployment rate has fallen to a seven-year low of 5.3 % .	US consumer prices rose 0.1 % in July , helped by petrol and food costs , the US Department of Labor has said .
Vets had to put down the badly injured three-year-old female calf , which was discovered on Tuesday at Dunvegan . Teeth marks were found on the whale 's body , flippers and dorsal fin . The Scottish Marine Animals Stranding Scheme and Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust suspect the calf was attacked by bottlenose dolphins . Scotland is home to the world 's most northerly resident population of bottlenose dolphins . On the east coast , they feed and breed the Moray Firth and North Sea . Charlie Phillips , a Whale and Dolphin Conservation field officer , said the injuries may have been caused while the dolphins and whale were playing , or inflicted in an act of aggression . He said : `` Dolphins and whales do interact in the marine environment and this is part and parcel of their natural behaviour . `` Dolphins are wonderful creatures but people should remember that they are not these fluffy cartoon characters , they have a dark side too . ''	Marine wildlife experts believe dolphins attacked a young pilot whale which was found stranded on a beach in Skye .
The delegates were chosen by party members rather than ordinary voters . Donald Trump - who did not actively campaign in the state - remains the Republican front-runner overall . However , the billionaire could fall short of the number of delegates needed to secure the Republican nomination for November presidential election . That would mean a contested convention where voting for candidates starts again from scratch . Mr Trump is concentrating on New York , which holds a key primary on Tuesday . A number of senior Republican leaders have backed Mr Cruz , a Conservative Texas senator , fearing that Mr Trump 's controversial comments make him a weak candidate in the November election . The result from the Wyoming contest brings Mr Cruz 's tally from 545 to 559 delegates . Mr Trump has 743 . In his victory speech on Saturday , Mr Cruz said : `` If you do n't want to see Donald Trump as the nominee , if you do n't want to hand the general ( election ) to Hillary Clinton , which is what a Trump nomination does , then I ask you to please support the men and women on this slate . '' In the Democratic race , Ms Clinton is still ahead of her only remaining rival , Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders .	US Republican presidential hopeful Ted Cruz has won all 14 delegates in contention at a state party convention in Wyoming .
The facility , built on the site of the Graves Tennis and Leisure Centre in Norton , includes swimming pools , tennis courts and fitness studios . The centre , run by Places for People Leisure , also houses one of three hubs of the UK 's National Centre for Sport and Exercise Medicine . Physiotherapists and doctors will be based in its consultation and treatment rooms . A gymnastics and trampolining centre at the site , re-named the Graves Health and Sports Centre , remains under construction . Councillor Mary Lea , Sheffield City Council 's cabinet member for culture , parks and leisure , said the site would put `` public health and sport together '' . `` It 's a massive building with fantastic facilities - it 's everything the local community and Sheffield needs , '' she said .	A refurbished £16m health and leisure centre has opened in Sheffield .
The new feature will debut in the US , the UK , Australia and New Zealand , the firm said in a blog post . A smartphone app will be made available in the next few days with a desktop version due in the coming months . The new feature puts Facebook in direct competition with increasingly popular local online selling platforms . The social media site is already being used for selling and buying via Facebook groups . `` In recent years more people have been using Facebook to connect in another way : buying and selling with each other , '' said Mary Ku , director of product management , in the company 's blog . `` This activity started in Facebook Groups and has grown substantially . More than 450 million people visit buy and sell groups each month . '' Facebook will not be involved in the payment process and will not charge for putting items up for sale at the moment . It is not the first time the social media giant has tried to expand into the second-hand market . It originally launched a desktop-only classifieds marketplace in 2007 Facebook shares traded marginally higher on Monday in the US while shares in eBay fell by more than 1 % .	Facebook has launched a Marketplace feature to let people buy and sell items locally , in a move that could rival sites like eBay and Craigslist .
Bushell , from Telford , is aiming to repeat his 100m T53 triumph at the London Paralympics in September 2012 . But he missed seven months of training last year after suffering a chlamydia trachomatis infection ( CTI ) . `` I saw a specialist , who said I was 12 hours from death , '' said Bushell . `` Everything is ticking over nicely now , but I hope this year will be a real turning point after last year , '' he told BBC Radio Shropshire . `` I did one race before the illness . But then I had a CTI infection around April and May which took me out for seven months . I nearly died . `` Coming back from that was tough . It took me a long time to get there , but I 'm back now , training hard and looking forward to Rio . `` It will be an interesting year but we 'll get through it and hopefully I 'll win again . '' Bushell , who received the freedom of his home town in 2014 , also won the T53 class at the European Championships in Swansea in 2014 prior to his illness . Mickey Bushell was speaking to BBC Radio Shropshire 's Nick Southall .	Shropshire 's gold medal-winning Paralympian Mickey Bushell has revealed that he nearly died last year from a urine infection - but is now on course to defend his title in Rio in August .
Tai Le , 21 , and Duc Nguyen , 36 , originally from Vietnam , but with an address at Church Street in Portadown , both face six charges . They include being concerned in the supply of a class B controlled drug and cultivating cannabis . They are also accused of having a class B drug with intent to supply and dishonestly diverting electricity . Mr Le and Mr Nguyen were arrested and charged after police searched a house in Church Street . Officers initially believed the cannabis was worth £500,000 , however following the completion of searches the figure is now thought to be in the region of £750,000 to £1m . `` A number of plants , cultivation equipment and associated items have been removed for further examination , '' Det Ch Insp Stephen Wright told the court . `` Officers on patrol in this area noticed a smell of cannabis and their subsequent enquiries led them to this cannabis factory . '' Neither Mr Le nor Mr Nguyen applied for bail . They were remanded into custody and are to appear in court again on 14 November via videolink .	Two men have appeared in court over the seizure of cannabis plants worth up to a £1m in Portadown on Wednesday .
The charges relate to alleged offences between 1967 and 1985 against boys aged nine to 16 . Mr Denning was a member of the original Radio 1 team when the station was launched in 1967 . The 73-year-old from Basildon spoke only to confirm his name , date of birth and address as he appeared in the dock at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . Dressed in a grey sweatshirt at court , Mr Denning was initially arrested under Operation Yewtree in June 2013 . He worked as a music producer for The Beatles and helped launch the Bay City Rollers . He also ran his own music and video production business . He was the first announcer heard on BBC Two when the television channel launched in 1964 . On Thursday , the Crown Prosecution Service said there was sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction and that a prosecution was in the public interest . Prosecutors found there was not enough evidence to prosecute in connection with three further alleged victims . Mr Denning is the fifth person to be prosecuted as part of Operation Yewtree .	Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has appeared in court charged with 41 sex offences against 22 boys .
The incident , which was not seen by the match officials , is alleged to have occurred in the 28th minute of Saturday 's 0-0 draw with Barnsley . The 29-year-old has until has until 18:00 GMT on Tuesday to respond to the charge . McFadzean joined Burton in the summer from MK Dons and has since made 15 appearances , scoring one goal .	The Football Association have charged Burton Albion defender Kyle McFadzean with violent conduct .
The move by Land Energy Girvan Ltd includes increasing the capacity of its combined heat and power plant and upgrading its pellet line in Girvan . The company said at least 10 new full-time jobs would be created . The drive to increase capacity and boost productivity has been backed by a £250,000 Scottish Enterprise grant . The business plans to increase its output of premium grade wood pellets from 60,000 tonnes to 90,000 tonnes per year . Scottish Energy Minister Paul Wheelhouse said : `` This welcome investment is projected to create 10 new jobs and safeguard 28 existing jobs in the Scottish supply-chain supporting generation of renewable , biomass energy , and will reduce biomass customers ' reliance on imported wood pellet supplies . '' Land Energy Girvan Ltd managing director John Westmacott , said : `` The UK premium wood pellet market has grown rapidly in the last five years and is now worth £100m per annum . `` The new investment in the Girvan plant will ensure that Land Energy continues to be a leading player in this market as it continues to grow . ''	A producer of wood pellets for the renewable energy market is to invest £6.4m in expanding its site in South Ayrshire .
Dandy Flame , owned and trained by Jose Santos , struggled on debut at Windsor on 11 July , but won by two and three-quarter lengths in the five furlong event on Monday . Santos , based in Berkshire , said he was `` absolutely over the moon '' . `` I 'd be lying if I said I did n't have a bet on him , but I should have had more , '' he added . Equinoctial won at Kelso in November 1990 at odds of 250-1 and remains the longest-odds winner in British racing . Dandy Flame joins the exclusive ranks of those to have won at 200-1 before - the last is thought to be Lights of Broadway at Taunton in 2012 . The horse `` looked clueless '' when finishing last from eight on debut , according to the Racing Post form guide , which suggested a `` massive improvement '' was required .	A novice horse became the joint second longest-priced winner in British racing history at 200-1 at Wolverhampton .
It occurred during Slavia Prague 's win at relegation-threatened FK Pribram . The FACR said fourth official Marek Pilny and additional assistant referee Jiri Jech would lose their licences and face disciplinary action . A statement said Pilny was `` visibly drunk '' , adding that Jech had allegedly `` urinated during the game '' . Pilny 's actions were caught on video and posted on YouTube . The statement added that Pilny `` struggled for balance '' and `` ran with the linesman copying his movements '' . FACR head Miroslav Pelta said `` they were not tipsy , they were drunk '' and `` they do n't exist for us any more '' . Pelta also said the game 's referee and two linesmen would be suspended until the end of the season because they failed to prevent the situation .	Two match officials who appeared to be drunk during a top-flight game have been banned by the Czech Football Association ( FACR ) .
The 22-year-old , who can play in both full-back positions , started his career as an apprentice at MK Dons , but was released by the club four years ago . Barnsley signed him from Worcester City in 2014 and last season he played in 23 games , including the League One play-off and Football League Trophy finals . But an initial offer of a new deal was withdrawn by the Yorkshire club . He said : `` It feels really good to be back . This is my hometown club - I 'm over the moon to get this deal done . `` Me and the gaffer had a really good chat , but he did n't really have to sell it to me . I know the club well from my time here as a youngster and ever since I left I 've always checked up on how the Dons are doing . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Defender George Williams will re-join MK Dons on a two-year deal on 1 July when his contract with Barnsley ends .
The 21-year-old published a video last August asking Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger to sign him . Instead he has signed a four-year deal with Djurgardens after a month 's trial . `` He 's very ambitious and purposeful , he trains hard and always wants to learn and take the next step , '' the club 's sporting director Bosse Andersson said . `` The development potential is huge so with the peace and quiet of our Djurgården environment he can develop into a striker able to play in the biggest leagues in Europe . `` That 's Michael 's own ambitions and he has the characteristics required for it . '' Olunga , whose nickname is The Engineer due to his university studies as well as his football talents , admits he can be a slow starter . `` In the beginning I have to get going , but once I get started I tend to get on a roll with my scoring , '' he told the club 's website . `` So far I have only played friendlies but it feels like a good level . `` Everything is very well organized and the quality of the training camp has been very good . It feels like it 's a good springboard to the big European leagues . ''	Kenya international Michael Olunga , who asked Arsenal to sign him last year , has moved to Swedish side Djurgardens from Kenya 's Gor Mahia .
The man , who has not been named but is in his twenties , had been working on the roof of an old signal station at La Moye when he slipped . Firefighters lowered the man who has leg injuries , eight metres down the side of the station on a stretcher . The building is used by the Jersey amateur radio club .	A man in Jersey has been rescued from the roof of a bunker after falling from a ladder .
All inmates at Barwon Prison in Victoria are required to work unless they are too ill or too old to do so . Striking prisoners say the A $ 9 ( $ 6.90 ; Â£5:15 ) a day that they have been promised in a new deal is not enough to cover living costs inside . The state 's opposition wants them to be forced to return to work , saying the public is outraged the prisoners feel they are entitled to strike . The roughly A $ 9 daily rate the prisoners have been offered , depending on their jobs and hours , is an increase on their current pay of between A $ 6.50 and A $ 8.95 , but it has still been criticised as inadequate by prisoners and their supporters . `` The wages paid are a lot less than in other states in Australia and it does n't meet their increasing costs , '' said Brett Collins , a spokesman for prisoner advocate group Justice Action , who described the strike as `` a last act of desperation '' . Barwon , 75km ( 46 miles ) outside Melbourne , is home to nearly 450 inmates , including some of the state 's most notorious murderers and gang bosses . Corrections Victoria , which runs the jail , said anyone who refused to do the work on offer , which includes gardening and maintenance , would be confined to their cells .	Inmates at a maximum security prison in Australia are on strike over wages .
Wilkinson , 24 , who was playing for non-league Shaw Lane , died in hospital on Monday after collapsing during a match . Shaw Lane officials are talking to the players family and team-mates about how best to pay tribute . Brighouse Town , Shaw Lane 's opponents on Monday , have postponed Saturday 's game against Colne FC . Harrogate AFC , where Wilkinson spent time on loan , observed a minute 's silence before their game against Stalybridge Celtic on Tuesday . Hull have asked supporters at the KCOM stadium this weekend to observe the silence before kick-off . The club said : `` He was a popular member of the Tigers ' youth team squad that won the Youth Alliance North East Conference title in 2010 . `` We ask supporters to join us in remembering Daniel on Saturday during a period of silence , which will start and end on referee Roger East 's whistle . '' The Evo-Stik Northern Premier League , in which Shaw Lane play , has asked fans , players and officials to observe a minute 's silence at fixtures this week to mark Wilkinson 's death . After leaving Hull , Wilkinson went on to play for North Ferriby United , Scarborough Athletic , Harrogate Town , Goole Town and Rushall Olympic , before joining Shaw in the summer .	A minute 's silence will be held before Hull City 's Premier League home game against Arsenal on Saturday to pay tribute to ex-player Daniel Wilkinson .
The device , which was hidden in a suitcase as part of a dog training exercise , contained 230g of plastic explosives , a police statement read . The suitcase was given to a woman travelling through the airport on Tuesday afternoon after her bag was damaged during a flight , it said . After discovering the training device , she took it to a police station . Police officers evacuated the building as a safety precaution and traced the explosives back to the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) . Federal police said that the device - hidden in an unclaimed suitcase during a training exercise on 14 August - was not live . `` The AFP takes this error seriously and the canine instructor who inadvertently left this device behind has been identified and will be the subject of a formal Professional Standards Investigation , '' Federal Police Sydney Airport Commander Wayne Buchhorn said . `` Although the travelling public was not in danger at any time , we regularly review our processes in this area , and we will do again in the light of this incident . '' He also thanked the woman , her family and New South Wales police `` for their assistance '' . Sydney Airport is the only major airport serving Sydney and is the busiest in Australia . It welcomes up to 37 million passengers a year .	Australian police have apologised after leaving a device containing explosives in a bag at Sydney Airport for a month .
The closures from 22:00 BST on Friday at the Posthouse roundabout are part of Â£6m layout changes . The A55 under the roundabout will be closed in both directions until 07:00 BST on Sunday , while the west bridge will be shut until 05:00 on Monday . The roundabout will also be partially closed until Monday morning . Work began last summer and was expected to finish by March but it has now been pushed back to 28 June .	Drivers have been warned to expect major delays on the A55 and A483 on the Chester-Wrexham border as carriageways are closed for ongoing improvements .
Reigan Knight and Liam Phillips , both 17 , died when the Ford Escort they were passengers in crashed in Leigh-on-Sea last December . A boy from Great Wakering , who can not be named , admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving . He was also banned from driving for four years at Chelmsford Crown Court . For more on this and other stories , visit BBC Local Live : Essex Other charges of driving without a licence and insurance will lie on file , the court was told . After sentencing Det Insp Scott Egerton speaking said : `` They ( Reigan Knight and Liam Phillips ) were passengers in the car and had no control over the events that led to their tragic deaths . `` The driver of this car has pleaded guilty ; he drove dangerously without a licence or insurance in a car he had bought and he caused their deaths . `` He has to live with this for the rest of his life , but so do the families of Reigan and Liam . '' In the wake of the deaths about 300 people attended a candlelit beach vigil for the two boys .	A 16-year-old has been sentenced to four years in custody for causing the deaths of two teenagers by dangerous driving during a police pursuit .
On Sunday , he will meet officials in Israel , one of the strongest critics of the deal . Mr Carter then travels to Saudi Arabia , Iran 's main regional rival . Last Wednesday , world powers reached agreement with Iran on limiting Iranian nuclear activity in return for the lifting of sanctions . The Israeli Prime Minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , called the deal an `` historic mistake '' which would only make it easier for Iran to back its proxies in the Middle East . That position may have hardened after Iran 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said his country would continue its support for the people of Palestine , Yemen , Syria , Iraq , Bahrain and Lebanon after the deal . The Israeli Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon , hinted his country could ask for increased US military aid as a counterweight to the accord . Saudi Arabia has officially said it supports the deal , although it is also thought to have similar concerns to Israel that the agreement legitimises Iran . Mr Carter is due to visit Jordan as well , for talks on the strategy for tackling the Islamic State militant group .	US Defence Secretary Ashton Carter is beginning a tour of the Middle East , as part of efforts to ease fears over the recent nuclear deal with Iran .
The European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) has reached a deal with Viacom-owned cable network Logo to air the event on 14 May . Eurovision executive Jon Ola Sand said he was `` thrilled '' the final would be `` broadcast live in one of the biggest TV markets for the very first time . '' The 61st Eurovision Song Contest will be held in Stockholm from 10 to 14 May . The Swedish capital previously played host to the competition in 1975 and 2000 . This year 's event will feature entries from 42 countries - the largest number of competitors since 2011 . There will be two semi-finals , on 10 and 12 May . Launched in 2012 , Logo is available in nearly 50 million homes . Its range of lifestyle programming is primarily aimed at lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender ( LGBT ) viewers . Its website describes Eurovision as `` the biggest , boldest , campiest music competition on earth '' . The final will also be streamed in the US on the network 's website and mobile app . `` We are extremely happy that US viewers now get to join those all over Europe , Australia and Asia in experiencing the grand final of the world 's longest running annual TV music competition , '' Mr Sand continued .	The grand final of the Eurovision Song Contest will be broadcast live on US TV for the first time this month .
Crews were called to Charleywood Road , Kirkby , at 23:00 BST on Tuesday . A large amount of plastic is on fire , with firefighters expected to stay at the scene for a number of hours . Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service said the blaze has been contained , preventing it from spreading to other businesses in the area .	A large fire is being tackled by 70 firefighters at a Merseyside industrial unit , with local residents urged to shut windows due to smoke .
The campaign is asking pupils and staff to give Â£1 to charity and to wear something green for the day . The official Green for Grenfell Day is Friday 23 June , but some schools have even started early ! Many schools are sending the money they raise to the Kensington and Chelsea Foundation Charity which is based in the local area . The idea is to do some fundraising to help and to show support for those who 've lost everything in the fire . If your school is doing something special for Green for Grenfell Day , send us a picturetonewsroundcomments @ bbc.co.uk You must ask your parent , teacher or guardian for permission before you send us a comment and a photo . We may show your comment on our website or in our TV bulletins . We 'll show your first name and which town you 're from - but we wo n't use your details for anything else .	Schools in London and around in the country are having a special day to raise money for the people affected by the fire at Grenfell Tower .
15 December 2015 Last updated at 06:49 GMT There have been loads of developments over decades to improve rockets and space crafts too . Ricky 's been taking a look at how space travel has changed over the years .	British astronaut Tim Peake will make history today as he lives and works on the International Space Station .
The bodies of 796 babies , toddlers and children were buried in unmarked graves in Tuam , County Galway , between 1925 and 1961 . One of the children was nine years old when buried . The infants ' death records were found by a historian researching the former home . Catherine Corless told BBC Radio Ulster she was `` staggered and shocked '' at the number of people buried without headstones . The causes of death included malnutrition and infectious diseases , such as TB and pneumonia . Campaigners now hope to erect a sculpture and put plaques with all the children 's names along the eight foot wall at the site . The campaign has won support from the TD ( Irish MP ) for the area , CiarÃ¡n Cannon , who has called for an inquiry . It is understood that the Bon Secours Sisters , who ran the home for unmarried mothers , have donated some money to the memorial fund . They have also met with the Archbishop of Tuam , Dr Michael Neary , to discuss holding a memorial service for those who died .	Campaigners have raised thousands of euros to erect a memorial for almost 800 infants buried in the grounds of a home for unmarried mothers .
The 29-year-old striker is set to tell the Gunners of his decision prior to flying to the national team 's base for the tournament in Chantilly , France . England depart from Luton airport at around 11:30 BST . Arsenal have reached an agreement with Leicester and offered Vardy a four-year deal with a significantly higher wage . Vardy is understood to still be mulling over whether he wants to leave the Foxes . He arrived from then non-league side Fleetwood for £1m in 2012 and helped Leicester to the Premier League title last season , scoring 24 goals . Vardy signed a new three-year contract in February and Leicester are reportedly in the process of countering Arsenal 's offer with an improved deal of their own .	Jamie Vardy is expected to decide whether he will join Arsenal from Leicester City before leaving for Euro 2016 with England on Monday .
An exhibition of pieces by the Nobel Prize winner was due to begin at the neighbouring Castle Fine Art Gallery . The fire started in the building where the gallery is based , before spreading to surrounding buildings including the Royal Clarence Hotel . Fifteen signed Dylan prints were lost , along with works from other artists . More on the lost artworks , plus more Devon and Cornwall news The fire - which started around 05:30 BST last Friday - burned for days , with up to 150 firefighters on the scene at its peak . While no one was injured during the blaze , the Royal Clarence Hotel - described as England 's oldest - was destroyed , with the shell eventually being completely demolished .	Works of art by Bob Dylan were destroyed in a fire which ravaged an 18th Century Exeter hotel , it has emerged .
Search and rescue teams discovered the man 's body after a 38-year-old from the Millom area of Cumbria was reported missing on Saturday . Paragliding equipment was also found at the scene at Fleetwith Pike near Buttermere . The Air Accident Investigation Branch had been informed . The death is not being treated as suspicious . Cockermouth Mountain Rescue Team and helicopters from the RAF and Cumbria police were involved in the search operation .	A man has been found dead after an apparent paragliding accident in the Lake District .
Police said a man wearing a balaclava , described as possibly being like a `` spiderman mask '' , forced his way into the house on Saturday at about 20:55 . He brandished the knife before making off with a quantity of cash . Detectives called the robber `` despicable '' and urged anyone with information about him to come forward . They also believe he may have tried to gain access to other properties before the robbery . He was described as being about 6ft tall , of medium build and between 20 to 30 years old . He was wearing a dark hooded top , dark trousers and the balaclava . The pensioner was not injured during the incident . Det Insp Jim McLauchlan said : `` An elderly man has been subjected to a terrifying ordeal within his own home and it absolutely vital that we trace the despicable individual responsible . `` We understand that the suspect may also have attempted to get into other properties nearby and so I would appeal to anyone who may have noticed someone acting suspiciously in the area yesterday evening to get in touch . ''	A 73-year-old man was subjected to a `` terrifying ordeal '' after being threatened with a knife and robbed in his own home .
The African Greys also like to trill along to Laurel and Hardy , police said . Known as Missy and Snoop Dogg , their repertoire of phrases such as `` Giz a tickle '' , `` Give us a big fat kiss '' and `` Hello fat girl '' makes them easily identifiable , the Cleveland force said . Owner Joanne Mason said she `` could n't breathe '' when she realised the birds had been stolen . She said : `` The birds meant a lot to me , they were like my kids basically , and obviously when I came in and seen that somebody had taken them , my heart just sunk . '' It is believed the birds were taken from Bransdale Road in Berwick Hills between Thursday and Monday . Anyone who has seen them advertised for sale is asked to contact police .	Two parrots with a habit of singing the Match of the Day theme tune have been stolen in Middlesbrough .
The 22-year-old will be included in the squad for the Betfred Cup tie at St Johnstone on Wednesday , subject to international clearance . He arrives from Polish top-tier side Pdobeskidzie Bielsko-Biala under freedom of contract . `` I feel Krystian will be a quality addition to the squad , '' head coach Robbie Neilson told the club website .	Hearts have confirmed the signing of Polish defender Krystian Nowak on a two-year deal .
The 29-year-old , ranked 196 in the world , is the second player to shoot 59 on the PGA Tour this year , after Justin Thomas ' effort at the Sony Open in Hawaii , but only the fourth ever to achieve the feat on a par-72 course . The last player to post a 13-under round was David Duval in the final round of the Bob Hope Classic in 1999 . Hadwin 's total of 13 birdies ties Chip Beck 's record from the 1991 Las Vegas Invitational . `` I got away with a few shots on the back nine and , for whatever reason , whenever I hit a putt , it went in , '' he said . `` I legitimately thought about it [ shooting 59 ] walking off the green on 11 . '' Hadwin goes into Sunday 's final round seeking a first win on the PGA Tour , leading Dominic Bozzelli by a stroke , with a chasing pack of eight players within four strokes of the lead . Former US Open champion Geoff Ogilvy of Australia is five strokes behind with Scotland 's Martin Laird a further shot behind and Greg Owen of England on 10 under .	Canadian Adam Hadwin posted a 13-under-par 59 in the third round of the PGA Tour 's CareerBuilder Challenge at La Quinta , California - the ninth score in history below 60 .
The 15th seeds had never before won a Grand Slam tournament , whereas the Bryan twins were seeking their 17th Major title together . Lopez and Lopez - who are not related - are the 11th different men 's pairing to triumph in the last 11 Grand Slams . Their win means that France 's Nicolas Mahut will replace Brazil 's Marcelo Melo as world doubles number one . Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news , features and video sent to your inbox .	Feliciano Lopez and Marc Lopez beat Bob and Mike Bryan 6-4 6-7 6-3 to win the men 's doubles title at the French Open .
The 32-year-old Czech is now committed to the Firhill club until the summer of 2019 . Cerny spent five years with Hamilton Academical from 2007 , initially joining on loan , before spells with CSKA Sofia in Bulgaria and Greek side Ergotelis . The former Czech under-21 international made the switch to Firhill in the summer of 2015 . He was one of the Jags ' star performers last season as the club secured a top-six finish in the Scottish Premiership .	Goalkeeper Tomas Cerny has signed a one-year contract extension with Partick Thistle .
1 April 2016 Last updated at 07:40 BST Several people were reportedly injured in Tulsa , Oklahoma , while the severe weather triggered fires in Odessa , Texas .	Buildings , including homes and churches , have been destroyed or severely damaged after a series of tornadoes struck southern US states .
He said TV footage and photos of this event had made the crowds look smaller than they were . Speaking on Saturday , President Trump said `` it looked like '' some 1.5m people had been at his inauguration the day before . Pictures taken of both Donald Trump 's inauguration and Barack Obama 's in 2009 , seem to show the crowd was much smaller for Mr Trump 's event . After President Trump saw reports about the low numbers of people who attended his inauguration he claimed that news reporters are `` among the most dishonest human beings on earth '' . There are no official figures for the number of people who went to the events , but it 's thought that 1.8m people attended President Obama 's inauguration in 2009 .	American President Donald Trump has accused the media of not being truthful about the number of people that attended his inauguration .
The crash , which involved a white Kawasaki motorbike and a black BMW car , happened on the northbound section of the A449 between Coldra and Usk . The alarm was raised at 11:15 BST on Saturday and an air ambulance was called but the man was pronounced dead at the scene . The road is closed as investigations into the incident start . Gwent Police are appealing for witnesses to contact them , quoting log number 202 .	A motorcyclist has died in a collision with a car in Monmouthshire , say Gwent Police .
Jamie Mines was injured at the Kendrick Industrial Estate in Swindon just before Christmas . A fund to help the semi-professional football player from Frome has already raised £113,000 . Local people have also organised a football tournament at his former club - Frome Town - to raise more funds . Mr Mines , who also plays for Radstock , Larkhall and Paulton football clubs , is well-known locally where he is described as a `` goal machine '' . Following the accident , into which the Health and Safety Executive is investigating , the 33-year-old was placed in an induced coma at Southmead Hospital in Bristol . He also missed his first Christmas with his five-month-old twins Isabella and Savannah . Family friend Billy Wright said he was `` doing really well '' and undergoing `` intensive rehabilitation '' at a specialist centre in Oxford . `` There 's no doubt that the support the town of Frome , the entire country and the footballing community have shown James , has really , really helped him , '' he said . `` He 's completely overwhelmed - the support that 's come through has really given him the positivity to fight . ''	A scaffolder who had to have his leg and hands amputated after suffering an electric shock has been `` completely overwhelmed '' by community support .
The 2m-high ( 6ft 6in ) oak sculpture of a scarecrow , carved from a tree trunk , was taken from Caia Woods after it was put in place in Thursday . The artwork , by tree carver Simon O'Rourke , was funded by environment body Natural Resources Wales . Wrexham councillor David Bithell described the theft as disappointing . Mr O'Rouke , who carved the statue over two-and-a-half days , said the theft was `` very sad '' . `` The children had been very involved in choosing the design and it 's a real shame that they have n't been able to see it , '' he said . `` I just do n't understand how it can be of any value to anyone other than those it was meant for . `` It 's not the sort of thing that you could take down to pub and sell it on the side . It 's completely mindless . ''	A wooden statue created with the help of school children in Wrexham has been stolen hours before it was to be unveiled on Friday .
The assault took place outside the Explore Library in Museum Street at about 14:15 BST . North Yorkshire Police said they did not know the condition of the victim , who is believed to be in his 20s . However , a force spokesman said a man had been arrested on suspicion of assault .	A man wielding a banjo as a weapon launched an attack in a street in York , police said .
7 January 2016 Last updated at 03:06 GMT It predicts economic activity will grow by 2.9 % in 2016 - a reduction from its June forecast of 3.3 % . In East Asia and the Pacific , growth is expected to slow to 6.3 % , largely due to the sputtering Chinese economy . But South Asia is a bright spot , expected to grow at 7.3 % this year . We spoke to one of the report 's authors , who said falling commodity prices were one of the big drags on global growth . Watch more reports on Asia Business Report 's website	The World Bank 's latest look at the year ahead suggests that global growth may continue to limp along .
The microlight left the airport , in Eglinton , County Londonderry , at about 11:00 BST and is understood to have been bound for Scotland . Two people were on board . A `` comprehensive '' search operation off the North Channel began at about 20:20 BST on Thursday . The coastguard said the aircraft was `` tracking east towards Castle Kennedy , near Stranraer '' . Six coastguard rescue teams and two rescue helicopters are involved in the search . Five lifeboats from Larne and Red Bay in Northern Ireland , as well as Portpatrick in Scotland , have been deployed .	The coastguard has launched a major search operation for a light aircraft that went missing after leaving City of Derry Airport on Thursday morning .
It happened shortly after 02:00 GMT on Sunday in Poleglass not far from where Christopher Meli was beaten to death . One of the teenagers , a 16-year-old boy , was treated for facial injuries , including a suspected fractured nose . It is understood they were attacked by a number of people who got out of a car . Police have said they are investigating a motive . Ch Insp Anthony McNally said there has been a significantly increased police presence in west Belfast in recent days , as local community and political leaders have already been advised . `` We are committed to keeping people safe . There is , though a wider social responsibility for all in the area , including civic and community leaders , to assist in reducing tensions and deterring offenders , '' he said . Sinn FÃ©in MLA Jennifer McCann said it was a `` vicious attack '' . `` The youths were savagely beaten when they were attacked by a gang last night as they were walking back to their home in the Poleglass area , '' she said .	The police are investigating reports that a group of teenagers was assaulted in west Belfast .
The centre will create more than 450 jobs for pilots , cabin crew and engineers at Ryanair 's 13 UK bases , as part of a Â£976m investment package this year . Ryanair said thousands of support jobs would also be created . Mr O'Leary said the firm was also introducing 14 new aircraft in 2016 and aimed to boost passenger numbers . He said Ryanair aimed to increase UK air traffic from 36 million passengers to 41 million passengers in 2016 .	Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary has opened the airline 's European Training Centre at Stansted Airport .
It happened at about 13:15 on Monday and involved a white Vauxhall Corsa , blue Nissan Qashqai and a blue Subaru . Five people - four from Dumfries and one from Edinburgh - were taken to Dumfries Infirmary for treatment . The Corsa driver - a 19-year-old man from Dumfries - was later transferred to Glasgow Royal Infirmary with a head injury and damaged right hand . The driver and passenger in the Subaru - both from Galston - did not require hospital treatment . Police have appealed for any witnesses to the incident to contact them .	Five people were taken to hospital following a three-car crash on the A701 just south of Beattock .
Monmouthshire County Council has voted unanimously to host the Welsh cultural and language event . The eisteddfod will be held at Castle Meadows and returns to Monmouthshire for the first time since 1913 . Monmouthshire 's cabinet member with responsibility for the Welsh language , Phil Hobson , said he was `` very proud '' that the county was hosting the event .	The 2016 National Eisteddfod of Wales will be held in Abergavenny .
The owner of the Thomson and First Choice brands reported higher bookings for summer holidays . The FTSE 100 closed down 28.27 points , or 0.5 % , at 6,174.90 . In the FTSE 250 , shares in AO World rose 3.6 % after the online appliance retailer reported a strong fourth quarter performance . Crude oil prices reversed early losses . North Sea Brent crude was up 0.5 % at $ 40.51 per barrel . On the currency markets , the pound was flat against the dollar at $ 1.4375 , but fell by half a euro cent against the euro to â‚¬1.2631 .	( Close ) : London 's benchmark share index ended the day lower , but shares in travel firm Tui rose 5 % after a positive trading statement .
The Care Inspectorate has issued a formal improvement notice to Lincluden After School Group , which lays out the areas which must be tackled . They include ensuring a `` competent , qualified and skilled person '' can take charge in the manager 's absence . The group has also been told that children 's `` privacy and dignity '' must be guaranteed at all times . In order to do this they have must review their arrangements for changing children . A spokesperson for the Care Inspectorate said : `` We have clearly set out the areas which require swift improvement at Lincluden After School Group so that the care provided to children reaches a standard that they have a right to expect . `` We will inspect this service again soon to check on progress and to ensure that improvements have been made . `` If we are not satisfied that sufficient progress is being made quickly , we will not hesitate to take further action . ''	An after-school group in Dumfries has been told to make swift improvements to the care provided for children .
Adrian , 29 , has only missed three games for the Hammers this season but will sit out Saturday 's visit of Swansea . `` It 's minor but unfortunately because it 's his calf he is probably out for the rest of the season , '' said West Ham boss Slaven Bilic . Republic of Ireland keeper Darren Randolph will step in . `` We have a great deputy , '' said Bilic . `` Whenever he has stepped in , he 's been brilliant . `` He 's one of the reasons we went far in the FA Cup . He was great against Manchester United , home and away , and Liverpool . We 're happy to have him . '' West Ham are sixth in the Premier League , five points behind fourth-placed Manchester City with a game in hand , as they chase a spot in the Champions League . The Hammers are one point behind Manchester United , who are fifth , with both teams having three games to play .	West Ham goalkeeper Adrian is set to miss the last three games of the season after injuring a calf muscle during last weekend 's 3-0 win at West Brom .
HMS Artful , a 97m-long ( 318ft ) , 7,400-tonne , nuclear-powered vessel , is one of seven being built by BAE Systems . A commissioning ceremony took place at Faslane naval base on the Clyde in Scotland where the submarine became Her Majesty 's Ship . The vessel , built in Barrow , moved to the naval base in 2015 to complete its sea trials . The first two submarines in the Astute class , HMS Astute and HMS Ambush , have already completed deployments in the Mediterranean and Middle East . Four others - Audacious , Anson , Agamemnon and the yet to be named seventh - are in various stages of construction . They are capable of circumnavigating the world without the need to resurface .	The third Astute Class submarine built at a Cumbrian shipyard has officially joined the Royal Navy fleet .
After the robbery at Winsor Bishop in the city 's London Street on 5 August dozens of passers-by filmed the raiders trying to escape on scooters . Five men and a boy , 17 , were dealt with at Norwich Crown Court . The men made their pleas via video-link from Norwich Prison while the youth appeared before the court in person . They are due to be sentenced for robbery at the same court on 25 September . The five men are Alfredo Rojasvargas , 24 , Bradley McMillan , 22 , Mark Moloney , also 22 , all from Islington , and Tommy McKenzie , 25 , and Curtis Bradbury , 21 , both from Hillingdon . The teenager can not be named for legal reasons . The prosecution said it was an organised and targeted raid .	Members of a gang from London have admitted carrying out a raid on a Norwich jewellers in which more than Â£30,000 worth of watches were taken .
The Force Awakens , the seventh episode , sees the return of some of the original cast members and has already been hailed a success by critics . But how much do you remember about the multi-billion dollar franchise ? Blow away the cobwebs with our trivia quiz . Click here to play our quiz	The new Star Wars film opens in cinemas across the UK on Thursday 17 December and in the US a day later , 38 years after the first instalment came out .
The country 's football federation was also fined US $ 1m ( £650,000 ) and ordered to pay 8m euros ( £5.9m ) in damages . Morocco had expressed concerns about hosting this year 's event following the outbreak of the Ebola virus in Africa . They asked for the tournament to be delayed until 2016 , but the Confederation of African Football ( Caf ) rejected the request . Equatorial Guinea were named as replacement host for the 16-team event , while Morocco , who had qualified as hosts , were expelled . Caf also fined hosts Equatorial Guinea US $ 100,000 ( £65,000 ) for crowd trouble during Thursday 's Africa Cup of Nations semi-final loss to Ghana . Tunisian Football Association president Wadie Jary was also banned from all activities by Caf after his organisation failed to apologise for accusing African football 's governing body of cheating . Tunisia made the allegations after being beaten by quarter-final opponents Equatorial Guinea in controversial circumstances . The 2015 Africa Cup of Nations finishes on Sunday , when Ghana and Ivory Coast meet in the final in Bata .	Morocco have been banned from the next two Africa Cup of Nations after failing to host this year 's tournament .
On Thursday the ICC introduced 'demerit points ' to its code of conduct , which will be added each time a player offends during a two-year period . Punishments , usually fines , will remain for minor offences such as showing dissent and using obscene language . But players guilty of offences can be suspended if they break rules again . All players start on zero points . The ICC confirmed that planned changes to the decision review system - making it easier to overturn not-out lbw decisions - also came into effect on Thursday . For on-field lbw decisions to be reversed by the television umpire , at least half of the ball must be shown to be hitting any part of the stumps . Previously , half of the ball would need to be hitting a zone between the centre of leg and off stumps .	Players who repeatedly breach misconduct rules will face harsher punishments under changes introduced by the International Cricket Council .
The 20-year-old was released by Walsall at the end of last season without making a senior appearance . He scored once in 31 matches while on loan to National League side Chester last season , where he played in both matches against the Tynesiders . `` I 've settled in really well , '' Vassell said . `` I 've been made to feel really welcome by the lads . '' Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Gateshead have signed defender Theo Vassell on a one-year deal after a successful trial .
Buchanan has played every Cobblers game since signing on a free transfer from Preston North End in May 2015 . The 30-year-old , who helped his side to the League Two title last season , is yet to score for the club . `` If I could get myself a goal that would top off everything , '' he said . Buchanan , who began his career at Bury , had not played for previous club Preston for four months before he joined Northampton . He has missed just 90 minutes of football since , when he was substituted at half-time in games against Leyton Orient in League Two and West Ham United in the Checkatrade Trophy . `` It will be a very proud moment , '' he told BBC Radio Northampton . `` This is a short career and I want to get as many appearances as I can . `` As long as I 'm fit I want to be selected . '' Northampton Town manager Justin Edinburgh added : `` The way he conducts himself , the way he trains and looks after himself is a great example to any young player . ''	Northampton Town full-back David Buchanan is set to make his 100th consecutive start for the club when they host Port Vale in League One on Tuesday .
Coric , one place above Bedene at 44 in the world rankings , went 4-2 up in the first set tie-break and took it 7-5 . Bedene , who came from a set down to beat India 's Ramkumar Ramanathan in the quarter-finals , led 4-1 in the second before eventually winning a tie-break . Croatian Coric sealed the match in two hours 56 minutes and faces defending champion Stan Wawrinka in the final . Slovenia-born Bedene needed treatment in the final set against Coric , who won their only previous encounter in Croatia last year . Coric held serve in a 13-minute seventh game and then broke in the next to secure a key advantage . World number four Wawrinka took just one hour and five minutes to oust third seed Benoit Paire of France 6-3 6-4 at the Nungambakkam Tennis Stadium . Two-time Grand Slam winner Wawrinka is seeking his fourth Chennai Open title , following victories in 2011 , 2014 and 2015 .	British number two Aljaz Bedene was beaten 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 6-7 ( 5-7 ) 6-3 by Borna Coric in the Chennai Open semi-finals .
Surrey Heath Museum will reopen in February for its 2015 events and exhibition programme . Curator Gillian Barnes-Riding said staff had audited the collection but now wanted all the stores to be catalogued electronically . A team of 20 or so volunteers will be helping staff to complete the work at the museum in Camberley . Ms Barnes-Riding said the electronic catalogue would enable staff to find items more easily .	A museum will close for the whole of January while staff go behind the scenes to organise its collection .
Mourinho will let unhappy players go but said United had `` not received one single offer they are going to accept '' . West Brom have bid £15m for midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin , who wants to leave . Everton are interested in the midfielder and forward Memphis Depay . Wayne Rooney is out of Saturday 's game against Middlesbrough , with Mourinho giving no timescale for his return . Media playback is not supported on this device Asked about Depay , Mourinho said : `` When I have the feeling and the information that the player probably has a big chance to leave , I have to care more about the others . `` If he 's going to be my player until the end of the season I will help him and he will be useful for us . '' The United boss said goalkeeper Sam Johnstone would be allowed to leave on loan for the remainder of the season . Aston Villa are understood to be among the clubs who are interested in the 23-year-old . Mourinho said : `` Sam is the only player I allow to go on loan because he has n't played one single minute and for his development , he needs to play for six months . ''	Manchester United have not had a good enough offer for any player they are ready to sell , boss Jose Mourinho says .
The blaze broke out at the property in Darwen , Lancashire , shortly before 18:30 BST on Friday . The teenager was taken to Royal Blackburn Hospital and treated for ankle injuries before being arrested . No-one else was inside but it is thought a dog died in the fire , Lancashire Police said . Det Insp Nick Hodgeson said : `` It was fortunate that no-one else was injured and we are working with the fire service to establish exactly how the fire came to happen . ''	A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of arson after jumping from a window to escape a fire at a house .
The 21-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan with the Bantams , making 10 appearances to help the club reach the play-off final . He becomes Bradford 's sixth signing of the summer . `` We saw enough of him to know that he can be an asset to us this time around as well , '' boss Stuart McCall told the club website . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League One side Bradford City have re-signed winger Alex Gilliead on a six-month loan deal from Newcastle United .
He is the third minister to leave interim President Michel Temer 's government . All are implicated in a major corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras . On Wednesday , the Supreme Court released testimony by an ex-executive implicating 20 politicians including Mr Temer . He denies the allegations . What 's wrong with Brazil ? Who is Michel Temer ? In a television broadcast , Mr Temer dismissed the testimony as frivolous lies . The allegations come from Sergio Machado , the former chief executive of Petrobras subsidiary Transpetro . Mr Machado is himself under investigation and has made a plea bargain with prosecutors . He said that both Mr Temer and Mr Alves asked him for money for electoral campaigning and knew it would come from an illegal kickbacks scheme that diverted billions of dollars from the national oil company . Mr Alves also denied the accusations against him and said on social media that contributions to his campaigns had been made through official channels and declared to election authorities . Henrique Alves , a member of Mr Temer 's PMDB party , joins former transparency minister Fabiano Silveira and former planning minister Romero Juca , who both resigned over leaked phone recordings linked to the Petrobras scandal .	Brazilian Tourism Minister Henrique Alves has resigned , after being linked to a corruption scandal .
Mellis , a former Chelsea youth team player , has also played for Southampton , Barnsley , Blackpool and Oldham , before joining Bury in 2015 . The Stags have not disclosed the length of the 26-year-old 's contract . `` I watched the kid in spells last season at Bury , where he was simply stunning , '' Mansfield boss Steve Evans told his club 's official website . Mellis was signed by Chelsea for £1m in 2007 from Sheffield United and reached the FA Youth Cup final under current Swansea boss Paul Clement the following year . The former England Under-16s captain made his first-team debut in a Champions League win against MSK Zilina in November 2010 . He left Stamford Bridge after he admitted setting off a smoke grenade at the club 's Cobham training ground . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	League Two Mansfield Town have signed midfielder Jacob Mellis after he was released by Bury .
The Manchester band will be the main act at the 2016 festival , which is being held at Strathallan Castle on Friday 8 July . They will also play two gigs at Manchester 's Etihad Stadium on Friday 17 and Saturday 18 June . DF Concerts said a limited release of tickets for T in the Park would go on sale at 09:30 this Friday . Rumours were sparked after posters featuring the band 's logo appeared in Manchester . Pictures of white posters with an image of a lemon , which featured on the band 's debut album in 1989 , were shared online . Suggestions ranged from homecoming shows and festival slots , to a 2016 tour . Some thought the lemon posters pointed to a long-awaited new album , which has been rumoured since the band reunited in 2012 . It would be their first record since 1994 's Second Coming . T in the Park is being held from 8-10 July .	The Stone Roses are to headline at T in the Park next year , it has been confirmed .
The ruling was made by a case management group after `` an allegation of misconduct ( verbal abuse ) '' against Minichiello . A British Athletics statement said the `` decision is not subject to any further appeal procedures by either side . '' Reports say the allegation was not made by Ennis-Hill . Minichiello coached Ennis-Hill to heptathlon gold at the 2012 Olympics and three world titles before she retired in October 2016 .	Toni Minichiello , the former coach of Great Britain 's Jessica Ennis-Hill , has been given a `` written warning about his conduct '' by British Athletics .
The yellow mounted device on West Wycombe Road in High Wycombe was set on fire at about 19:15 BST on Saturday . Fire crews and the police were called out , but the fire was out by the time they got there . Thames Valley Police said they had carried out house-to-house inquiries and were seeking information about the crime .	A speed camera fire in a residential street in Buckinghamshire is being treated as arson , police said .
9 August 2016 Last updated at 09:14 BST Some of the robots did fall flat on their faces but they still managed to break the record for the most robots dancing all at the same time . Each of the 1,007 robots were controlled by just one mobile phone and had to dance for a whole minute . Pictures from Guinness World Records .	More than a thousand robots have been dancing at a festival in China and better still they 've danced their way to a world record .
Ion Rusu , 25 , had been detained after Mohini Arora , also 25 , died in a crash close to junction 11a of the motorway . Ms Arora 's BMW was involved in a collision with a Peugeot 206 on the coastbound carriageway , on 13 November last year . Mr Rusu , of College Avenue , in Gillingham , was charged with causing death by dangerous driving and while over the prescribed alcohol limit . He is due to appear before Folkestone magistrates in May . A 26-year-old man , from Chatham , who was also arrested in connection with the incident will not face any charges , Kent Police said .	A man has been charged with causing the death of a motorist on the M20 in Kent .
The 20-year-old forward has joined on a five-year contract from Fluminense for about £11m . Richarlison was signed by Brazilian top division side Fluminense from second-tier side America Mineiro in 2016 . He made 67 appearances for Fluminense and scored 19 goals , while he has two goals in eight Brazil U20 outings . Watford start their Premier League campaign at home against Liverpool on Saturday in a 12:30 BST kick-off . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Watford have confirmed the signing of Brazil Under-20 international Richarlison after he was granted a work permit .
The 19-year-old is recovering in an Italian hospital after tangling with another rider and hitting a bollard . Yee , who is due to sit A-Levels this week , is undergoing concussion checks . Also a gifted track athlete , last week he set the fastest 5,000m time by a British junior since 1981 . Yee , from Brockley , London , was last year tipped by Mo Farah as a future Olympian . In a statement , British Triathlon said Yee had briefly lost consciousness after the crash . `` Alex is receiving a very high level of care and it is hoped that he will be able to return home in the next few days , '' the statement added .	British triathlete Alex Yee suffered broken ribs , vertebrae and a collapsed lung in a high-speed bike crash during an ITU Triathlon World Cup event in Cagliari in Italy on Sunday .
Presenter Matt Allwright tweeted the star when eight-year-old Millie Allen came on his BBC Radio Berkshire show asking for help learning lines . The Queen and The Damned United star replied and called the station , telling Millie to concentrate on `` feelings '' . Her mum , Lucy , said Millie was `` thrilled '' by the advice . Millie has been learning lines for her role as Titania in an abridged production of A Midsummer Night 's Dream being staged by Wokingham Youth Theatre . The Welsh actor said he had played Snug the Joiner in the Shakespeare comedy earlier in his career . He said : `` The main thing [ to think about ] is what it is you are trying to express - the feelings you are trying to get across - and that sometimes helps you remember the words better , `` If you do forget your lines , another actor on stage can always help you out . So do n't worry about it - have fun , thoroughly enjoy it , '' he added . Mrs Allen said her daughter had since practised her lines with `` renewed enthusiasm '' following the advice . `` She really enjoyed hearing him and has taken it on all on board , '' she added .	Actor Michael Sheen has given an eight-year-old acting tips for a youth theatre play after phoning in to a BBC radio station .
The paintings were seized in August as part of the ongoing inquiry into Opus Art Gallery in Stow-on-the-Wold . Gloucestershire Police said the company was run by Donald Smith and Emma Poole until they sold it to a London-based gallery owner before moving to France . The inquiry is trying to establish what specific offences have been committed . A spokeswoman for Gloucestershire Police said in May it received allegations that individuals involved with the gallery had been dishonestly retaining or selling works of art . A large number of works and assets previously held by the company were then seized . `` Officers are working to bring any perpetrators of fraud or theft in this case to justice , and in due course to reunite the works with their owners , '' a force spokeswoman said .	Detectives investigating allegations of fraud and theft at a Cotswold art gallery are seeking the original owners of 600 works of art .
The bodies of Finbar McGrillen , 42 , and Caron Smyth , 40 , were found in a flat at Ravenhill Court in east Belfast on 13 December 2013 . Shaun Patrick Joseph Hegarty , 34 and Ciaran Nugent , 33 , are accused of the murder . A number of women were removed from the court on Friday as trouble flared . It began even before the two accused appeared in the dock , and resulted in a punch being thrown The court heard that a trial is due to last up to four weeks and has been earmarked to take place next May . The case is due to be reviewed again at the end of January . As Mr Hegarty , formerly of Grainne House in the New Lodge area of north Belfast , and Mr Nugent from the Falls Road , in west Belfast , were being led from the dock two groups of women in the public gallery became embroiled in a verbal altercation . One woman was overheard saying to another female `` what goes around comes around , remember that '' .	There were disturbances in the public gallery of Belfast Crown Court on Friday as two men appeared in the dock charged with a double murder
The 26-year-old did not feature in Albion 's defeat at Rochdale on Saturday as transfer negotiations progressed . El Khayati moved to Burton in January 2015 , when R 's head coach Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink was in charge at the Pirelli Stadium . He has scored 11 goals in 44 appearances for Burton . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Burton striker Nasser El Khayati is in talks with Queens Park Rangers after the Brewers agreed a fee with the Championship club for the Dutchman .
The 28-year-old scored at Wembley as the Tykes beat Millwall 3-1 on Sunday , and also scored in their Johnstone 's Paint Trophy final win . The club have also offered new deals to defenders Aidy White , 24 , and George Williams , 23 . Midfielder Jak McCourt , 20 , has been released after making two appearances for the club .	Barnsley have offered a new deal to winger Adam Hammill following their League One play-off final win .
Newport will face the Premier League giants if they beat Plymouth Argyle in their second-round replay on Wednesday . County are using a special pitch cover at Rodney Parade to ensure the games is not a victim of the weather . `` It 's a massive game for us . The lads are buzzing , they are ready to go , '' Jackson said . `` The money would be massive for the club and we as players know we would get to play at Anfield . `` In League Two that 's not something you get to do every day . It would be something to tell the grandkids . `` It would be the biggest game of my career so I 'm going to be doing everything I can to help my team get there . '' County boss , Graham Westley , said he had no fresh injury concerns , but Newport will be without Sean Rigg , who is still suspended after being sent off in the original game at Home Park , which ended 0-0 .	Newport County striker Marlon Jackson says the chance to play Liverpool at Anfield in the FA Cup would be `` something to tell the grandkids '' .
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 4 and 11 November . Send your photos to scotlandpictures @ bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at # bbcscotlandpics .	All pictures are copyrighted .
Una Crown 's body was found stabbed and burned in Wisbech on 13 January . A 58-year-old man was arrested later that month and bailed pending further enquiries , but police said he will now receive no further action . A man who subsequently burgled Mrs Crown 's boarded up bungalow after her murder was jailed last week at Cambridge Crown Court . A post-mortem examination concluded Mrs Crown , who lived on Magazine Lane , had been stabbed repeatedly , including through the heart and lungs . Her body had then been set alight in what police believe was an attempt to cover up the murder . She had not been seen alive since 11 January , but had spoken to a friend by telephone at about 17:00 GMT . Three men were seen near her home late on the Saturday night . Her body was discovered the next day . The charity Crimestoppers has offered a ? ? 10,000 reward for information which leads to the conviction of her killer .	A man arrested on suspicion of murdering an 86-year-old Cambridgeshire woman has been released without charge .
Police initially detained seven people over the incident which took place in the College Street car park area at about 13:30 on Thursday . The man was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary for treatment . Officers have now charged two men aged 35 and 42 and a 32-year-old woman . They are expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court on Monday .	Two men and a woman have been charged after a 41-year-old man was allegedly stabbed in Aberdeen .
Three attackers were killed , and the remainder fled after the Thursday evening assault , he said . At least another 12 troops were injured in the ambush . Egypt has been fighting Islamic militants in the region for several years , but no group has claimed responsibility for the attack . An earlier report from Reuters news agency , citing security sources , said assailants fired two rocket-propelled grenades at a checkpoint near the city of El-Arish , before masked men opened fire . That report said three policemen had been killed . It is not yet clear if the conflicting reports refer to the same attack , or separate incidents . Islamist groups are thought to have carried out more than 400 attacks in the North Sinai region between 2012 and 2015 . The Sinai Province jihadist group , the most active insurgents , also swore an oath of loyalty to so-called Islamic State ( IS ) in November 2014 . It was initially called Ansar Beit al-Maqdis ( Supporters of Jerusalem ) , and has been active in the Sinai Peninsula since 2011 . It has an estimated 1,000 to 1,500 active members .	Eight Egyptian soldiers have been killed in a car bomb attack on a checkpoint in the country 's North Sinai region , an army spokesperson said .
There is a fear that Alun Wyn Jones , who with Charteris formed Wales ' first-choice lock partnership at the World Cup , could also miss the tournament . Ospreys captain Jones has had surgery on a toe he dislocated in training . `` I had an operation on Friday and , according to the surgeon , it went OK . They said I was looking at four months [ out ] , '' Charteris said . With Dragons captain Charteris and Jones missing for the 24-18 defeat to Australia on Saturday , Wales coach Warren Gatland opted to start with Bradley Davies and the recalled Ian Evans at lock . The versatile Ryan Jones can also play in the second row as well as the Osprey 's preferred back-row spot . Alun Wyn Jones injured his toe in training while Charteris picked up his injury , a similar wrist problem to the one Wales centre Jamie Roberts suffered in July 2010 , in Wales ' bronze medal play-off defeat by Australia at the World Cup in New Zealand . Charteris , 28 , will also miss the remainder of the Dragons 's Amlin Challenge Cup campaign . Jones , 26 , is now expected to miss the rest of the Ospreys 's Heineken Cup fixtures - and Gatland fears he will miss Wales ' Six Nations opener against Ireland in Dublin on 5 February .	Wales lock Luke Charteris will miss the Six Nations after undergoing an operation on a wrist injury .
The UK 's only snowsports music festival was held at the weekend . Groove CairnGorm , which made its debut in 2016 , has been set up along the lines of continental snowsports music festivals Snowbombing and Snowboxx . It is held in partnership with CairnGorm Mountain ski centre and Badaguish Outdoor Centre near Aviemore . This year 's acts included DJ sets by Basement Jaxx and Mike Skinner , also performances by Blonde and The Lafontaines . Photographer James Roberts captured some of the scenes from the weekend .	All pictures copyrighted .
The Land Registry said the East saw an 8.8 % rise in property prices in the year to the end of May , compared with a 9.1 % rise in London and the South East . The annual rate of increase across the whole of England slowed to 4.6 % in May , the figures show . This meant the average home was valued at Â£179,696 . Guy Meacock , of buying agency Prime Purchase , said : `` London has gone through a period of stratospheric growth , which was always going to be unsustainable at the same rate . `` The regional breakdown shows some areas are significantly outperforming others , but these markets are cyclical - that is a normal market with good and bad periods . '' Across the whole of England and Wales , property prices were unchanged in May compared with April . Yet the East of England and the North East of England saw prices increase by 1.6 % over the same period , the fastest rise in England . In Wales , there was a fall of 1.7 % . Various surveys in recent weeks have predicted the summer will see a modest rise in housing market activity , slower than last year .	The rate of house price increase in the East of England has almost reached the level of the South East , latest figures show .
The Labour-run authority said that additional reductions in Government grants meant its savings target for 2011 to 2017 had now risen to £222m . It is considering what action to take in response to what it describes as `` the increasing budget pressures '' . A meeting of its cabinet will be held on 9 October , and a public consultation will take place in due course . Council leader , Simon Henig , said the views of residents were vital `` during this very difficult process '' . He added that it was `` crucial everyone has their say '' .	Durham County Council has said it faces a spending cut of £20m more than previously thought .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 3 July 2012 Last updated at 15:31 BST The drivers took on two 18-metre-high rings at the X Games in Los Angeles . The challenge is even more scary than it looks - the drivers have to be careful not to pass out . The force of gravity is seven times greater than normal .	Two daredevils have broken the world record for the highest loop-the-loop .
The 29-year-old defender has not played since undergoing knee surgery last November and had hoped to be fit in time for the new campaign . But after suffering discomfort and pain he required a further operation . `` There was some damage in the kneecap and a bit of bone had to be shaved off , '' said physio Tony Flynn .	Colchester United captain Luke Prosser is set to be out for a further six to eight weeks , missing the start of the new League Two season .
Mourners lined the main street in Cpl Joshua Hoole 's hometown of Ecclefechan , near Lockerbie , as the cortege left the village . The 26-year-old , who was a member of the Rifles regiment , died after collapsing at Dering Lines infantry training centre on 19 July . An investigation into his death continues . Dyfed-Powys Police said a post mortem examination has been completed , but the results are not expected until late September . Cpl Hoole 's coffin was carried by military bearers and his funeral service was held at the Crichton Memorial Church in Dumfries . A ceremony restricted to close family and friends will be held at nearby Roucan Loch Crematorium later on Thursday afternoon Cpl Hoole had served on two tours in Afghanistan . He was set to marry next year , and be best man at his brother 's wedding on Saturday .	The funeral of a soldier who died during a training exercise in Brecon has taken place .
A five-year naming rights deal has been agreed and chief executive Wasim Khan said the sponsors will be revealed by the club in `` two to three weeks '' . `` The deal is done , '' Khan said . `` They are significant supporters of sport in Leicester and it 's a major coup for us . `` It will bring significant finances in to the club over a five-year period . ''	Leicestershire 's Grace Road home is to have a sponsor for the first time in the ground 's 137-year history , reports BBC Radio Leicester .
The move would change the words `` in all thy sons command '' to `` in all of us command '' in the anthem , O Canada . It was tabled by MP Mauril Belanger , of the governing Liberal Party , who is suffering from an incurable disease . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has focused on gender inclusivity since his election last October . After the vote , MPs stood and applauded Mr Belanger , who sat in the House in his wheelchair . The change now goes to the Senate , which is expected to pass it . However , it is unclear if that will happen before the Senate rises for summer and the bill 's supporters fear Mr Belanger may not live to see the change become law . He was diagnosed last November with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis ( ALS ) , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . The fight to change the words of O Canada has stirred a passionate national debate . A similar plan was rejected in 2010 by the Conservatives , who held the majority in parliament .	Canadian MPs have voted to change the lyrics of the English language version of the country 's national anthem to make it more gender neutral .
10 February 2017 Last updated at 00:20 GMT They are among about 500 exhibits that are going on show at the Museum of London Docklands . You can read more about the excavations here . Produced by Anthony Sutton .	Bison bone fragments and Tudor bowling balls are just some of the artefacts found underneath London during the Crossrail project .
Osinachi Ebere had a penalty saved and headed the rebound against the bar and after the break Udochukwu Anumudu also struck a shot against the bar . On 56 minutes Victor Osimhen scored his 10th goal of the finals - a new record . Three minutes later Funsho Bamgboye added a second and ensured Nigeria became only the second country to defend the title . Nigeria coach Emmanuel Amuneke told Fifa.com : `` We have worked very hard for this success and we hope to continue . `` The players will go home now but their journey is not over yet . I have football in my blood , as a player and as a coach . This is what I want to pass to my players . ''	Nigeria retained the Under-17 World Cup on Sunday by beating Mali 2-0 in an all-African final in Chile .
A spokesperson for the couple confirmed the news of his arrival on Saturday , to US celebrity magazine People . The 34 year old singer is said to be `` ecstatic , '' and both mother and baby are doing well . Justin Timberlake 's mother , Lynn Harless took to her Facebook page to confirm the news and congratulate her son and daughter in law . `` My amazing son and his beautiful wife have given us the most precious gift in the world ! '' she wrote . `` Silas Randall Timberlake ! Named after my father and my son ! Life is beautiful and we could n't be happier ! God bless you all and thanks for all the congrats ! '' The couple only confirmed the pregnancy on Timberlake 's birthday in January , by posting a picture on his Instagram page . `` Thank you EVERYONE for the Bday wishes ! This year , I 'm getting the GREATEST GIFT EVER . CA N'T WAIT , '' he wrote with a photo of himself kissing his wife 's bare baby belly . Timberlake and Biel married at a private ceremony in Italy in 2012 and this is the first child for both of them . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube .	Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel have announced the birth of their first child , Silas Randall Timberlake .
Malachy Goodman , 58 , of Rockmore Road in Belfast , faces charges of murder , possession of a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life Mr Gibson , 28 , was shot in his stomach and thigh in an alley near Divis Tower on 24 October . He died in hospital . The killing is allegedly connected to a fight earlier the same day . Opposing Mr Goodman 's bid to be released , prosecution counsel claimed there could be a risk of interference with the main witness in the case , identified only as Witness E. Defence lawyers have challenged the reliability of the description to police of the alleged killer . Three different versions were given , including significant differences between the gunman and Goodman , they said . The judge said he would not grant bail for the accused to live at his current home . The application was not dismissed . Adjourning the hearing until an alternative location is provided , he said : `` I 'm satisfied this is a man who could be admitted to bail . `` I do not propose to make a final decision until an arrangement can be made at an address outside west Belfast . '' Goodman is to remain in custody until an acceptable proposal is offered .	A judge has indicated that a man accused of murdering Edward Gibson could be granted bail if a suitable address outside Belfast could be found .
The main race started at 09:00 BST and closures were in place until 14:00 . Among the competitors were Swansea Harriers ' runner Matthew Rees , who stopped close to the end of April 's London Marathon to help David Wyeth , who was struggling with exhaustion , over the line . The reunited pair completed the Swansea race within minutes of each other .	Several roads were closed for the Swansea Half Marathon with more than 6,000 runners taking part on Sunday .
11 August 2016 Last updated at 08:26 BST The pair won Great Britain 's first ever Olympic diving gold on Wednesday night , in the men 's synchronised 3m springboard event . Jack admits he was ready to settle for silver as they waited for their Chinese rivals to do their final dive . `` We went out there very cool , calm and collected and we came out on top today . It 's amazing , '' Chris told Newsround . What makes it even more unbelievable is that Chris was given a 5 % chance of survival after he ruptured his spleen in 2009 and needed surgery . Watch Jack and Chris speaking to Ricky after their historic win .	Team GB divers Jack Laugher and Chris Mears say it 's `` unbelievable '' to be Olympic champions .
Residents in Rudry , Waterloo and Draethen have volunteered to track motorists driving through the narrow country lanes . Speeding motorists will be sent a warning letter rather than a fine . Part of the initiative Community Speed Watch , funding for the handheld speed gun and digital display has come from Gwent 's Police and Crime Commissioner . Project coordinator Sian Tucker told BBC Radio Wales ' Jason Mohammad programme that drivers used the roads as a `` rat run '' between the M4 motorway exit and Caerphilly town . She said : `` The volume of traffic that goes through here and the speed that they travel has been a concern for the neighbourhoods for about four or five years . '' Residents hoped to reduce speeds to 20mph ( 32km/h ) in the villages and 40mph ( 64km/h ) in the lanes , she added . Gwent Police Sgt Steve Parsons , regional coordinator for GoSafe , said the scheme was `` assisting the communities in giving them a voice '' .	Villagers in Caerphilly county have started using their own speed gun in an attempt to stop drivers from speeding .
Two people are in custody after the row on the corner of Saunders Road , Penarth Road and St Mary Street at 15:00 BST . A 27-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of affray and a 19-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of using threatening behaviour . There were no injuries and police said it was not linked to Justin Bieber 's concert at the Principality Stadium . The arrests were made about 400 metres ( 1312ft ) from the stadium , where about 40,000 people are expected for the Canadian singer 's Purpose World Tour . Chf Insp Justin Evans tweeted : `` Man arrested in Cardiff in possession of a machete . To be clear - a dispute between 2 people and is not linked to the Justin Bieber concert . '' South Wales Police said it was an isolated incident that had been resolved .	A man with a machete has been arrested in Cardiff city centre after a row between two motorists .
He said the Nollywood film industry was doing well but unless it was backed , it would be `` ruined by pirates '' . The industry is worth $ 5bn ( Â£3bn ) , but filmmakers still struggle to make a profit because of piracy . Despite being hastily shot on low budgets , their focus on love , betrayal and witchcraft is hugely popular across Africa . President Buhari ordered security agencies to identify those involved in copyright piracy and bring them to justice . Nollywood is not the only industry affected by the problem . Producers in Kannywood - the Hausa language film industry based in the northern city of Kano - are also complaining and had asked the president to intervene . Mr Buhari said he would do everything possible to protect the entertainment industry . `` They [ film producers ] have built an industry with their own sweat '' , he said . `` It is therefore incumbent on us to give them the necessary support . '' Nigeria 's film industry analysts believe that Nollywood is churning out up to 50 films a week . However , most of these movies are sold straight to DVD and filmmakers struggle to make a profit .	Nigeria 's President Muhammadu Buhgari has vowed to save the country 's entertainment industry from pirates .
The former Italy boss leaves with the club outside La Liga 's relegation zone on goal difference . Voro , who has previously been caretaker-boss four times , is in charge again , although it is not clear if it is on a long-term basis . Gary Neville was sacked in March after four months and replaced by Pako Ayestaran , who was then fired in September , and replaced by Prandelli . Valencia have spent one season outside La Liga since 1931 .	Valencia boss Cesare Prandelli has resigned after 10 games in charge .
Despite a dry 24 hours , umpires Neil Mallender and Ian Blackwell adjudged the Queen 's Park ground as unplayable . Another inspection took place at 14:45 BST , when the umpires decided no play would be possible on Thursday either . Derbyshire 's T20 Blast game against Yorkshire on Sunday has been moved to Derby because of the unfit outfield . The fixture will now be played at the County Ground . Derbyshire chief executive Simon Storey told BBC Radio Derby : `` It 's a very tough decision in that we love coming to Chesterfield , but ultimately we need to give the game the best possible chance of being played . `` Having consulted the umpires in terms of making calls on the state of the pitch for this game and looking forward , I think we have to give the game the best chance . `` It 's a beautiful venue to play cricket but ultimately it 's an exciting stage of the T20 tournament and we want to put that high on the agenda . It 's a decision that we reluctantly have to make . ''	Derbyshire 's County Championship match against Northants has been abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a wet outfield at Chesterfield .
Durham University geography student Alastair Cooke stood trial in December accused of three counts of raping a woman after a party in June 2015 . The 22-year-old denied the charges and after a two-week trial the jury failed to reach verdicts . The Crown Prosecution Service said there would not be a retrial after consulting the woman . Mr Cooke , of Perranarworthal , Cornwall , originally stood trial at Durham Crown Court .	A university student accused of rape will not face a retrial after a jury failed to reach a verdict .
About 450 people will get the chance to use the £6.3m facility at Ynysangharad War Memorial Park , Pontypridd , ahead of its general opening on Tuesday . The original site had one large pool but the revamped lido has three pools , changing rooms and sun terraces . It was paid for by Welsh government , Heritage Lottery and council funding . The site first opened in 1927 but closed in 1991 after falling into disrepair . Some people were unhappy the paddling pool next to the children 's park would not be saved after the council said it could not afford to revamp and run both . The authority hopes the lido will boost the number of visitors to the town , bringing extra trade for businesses . There were once dozens of lidos around Wales but the growth of indoor swimming pools and a rise in holidays abroad saw visitor numbers fall . The last one to shut in Wales was Brynamman lido in Carmarthenshire in 2010 because of a £20,000 repair bill , but campaigners have formed a committee with hopes of reopening it .	A refurbished Grade II-listed lido in Rhondda Cynon Taff will reopen on Monday offering free swimming to users for the rest of the year .
The Junction and Calton Athletic will share the proceeds of an auction of memorabilia from the sets of T2 . The online auction takes place next month to coincide with the film 's US release . Producer Andrew MacDonald said they chose to help The Junction because it works with young people on the `` very streets '' Trainspotting grew from . Mr MacDonald said : `` I was introduced to the Junction by their Patron Irvine Welsh last April and was so impressed by what I had seen that when it came to choosing the two beneficiaries of T2 Trainspotting Memorabilia Auction the Junction was an obvious choice . `` It feels really apt to be supporting The Junction in this way as it works with young people to reach their potential on the very streets Trainspotting grew out of . ''	Two Edinburgh charities are set to benefit from the sequel to the film Trainspotting .
Tapuai , 27 , was due to stay with the Perth-based Super Rugby outfit for another year , but Western Force agreed to release him from his contract . Welshman Allinson , 28 , joined London Irish from Cardiff Blues in 2010 . `` We 're a bit light at scrum-half due to the autumn internationals and injury , '' director of rugby Todd Blackadder said . London Irish director of rugby Nick Kennedy added : `` This is a great opportunity for Darren to get some game time in the Premiership , with Bath 's injury situation in that position . '' Discussing former Brisbane City and Queensland Reds player Tapuai , Bath boss Blackadder continued : `` He 's a really good all-rounder , which will be a great boost for us . `` His experience will bring a new way of looking at things , and will really help develop our young midfield players. `` Western Force head coach Dave Wessels told their website : `` Bath made a fantastic offer to Ben . That provided an opportunity to free up some money in the salary cap for us to explore a few other options . ''	Bath have signed Western Force 's former Australia centre Ben Tapuai and brought in London Irish scrum-half Darren Allinson on a two-month loan deal .
Nouri , 20 , suffered `` cardiac arrhythmias '' - heart rhythm problems - against Werder Bremen on Saturday . On Monday , Ajax said tests showed his `` heart is functioning normally '' . A brain scan since has not detected `` any anomalies '' and the Dutch club said more detailed testing will be carried out when he is conscious . The Amsterdam-born player is in hospital in Austria - where the friendly was played - and is expected to be out of the coma in the next 24 hours . He was flown by helicopter to a hospital in Innsbruck after his collapse and on Sunday , the 33-time Dutch champions said the Moroccan was `` out of danger '' . Nouri played 15 league and cup games for Ajax in 2016-17 , scoring one goal in a Dutch Cup tie .	Ajax 's Abdelhak Nouri will be taken out of an induced coma after tests showed he suffered no heart or brain damage when he collapsed in a friendly .
Residents in the Douglas North and Douglas South constituencies elected businessman Ralph Peake and former politician Bill Malarkey respectively . Chief Minister Allan Bell said they are `` two energetic individuals who I know will make a name for themselves '' . The seats became vacant when Bill Henderson and David Cretney were elected to the Legislative Council . Four candidates stood for election in Douglas South , while three others put themselves forward in Douglas North . Mr Peake was elected for the first time whilst Mr Malarkey returns four years after being ousted from his seat . Source : Isle of Man government	Two newly elected Members of the House of Keys have been sworn in following last week 's by-elections in Douglas .
Local authority areas in Scotland were placed in divisions that reflect the take-up of a range of renewable energy technologies . Orkney was found to have the greatest amount of community-owned wind generation in a district with a population of less than 100,000 people . The award was from the Scottish National Renewable Energy League . Craig MacInnes , development manager of the Orkney Renewable Energy Forum ( OREF ) , collected the award at the event in Glasgow . He said : `` This award for Orkney raises the profile of community wind projects and the benefits they bring . `` It shows how forward thinking many of Orkney 's smaller and more remote communities have been in embracing renewable energy . ''	Orkney has won an award recognising the success of its community energy projects .
2 May 2016 Last updated at 17:15 BST The controversial move is designed to keep housing affordable for local residents . Thousands of landlords let out spare rooms or entire apartments on apps such as Airbnb , Wimdu and 9Flats . Often landlords seek to fill a short-term vacancy and earn some additional money , but it has proved profitable for people to rent out entire apartments to tourists all year round . But critics warn that the practice reduces an already limited supply of rental property and drives up rent for local tenants . From 1 May , a new law known as Zweckentfremdungsverbot - prohibition of improper use - will take effect . The law , which allows homeowners to rent out only spare rooms rather than entire homes , was passed in 2014 but included a two-year transition period that has now elapsed . Andreas Geisel , Berlin 's head of urban development said it was `` a necessary and sensible instrument against the housing shortage in Berlin . '' Those caught breaking the new law could be fined up to 100,000 euros ( £78,500 ) . However , critics say the law serves the hotel industry rather than residents .	The German city of Berlin has started to restrict private property rentals through Airbnb and similar short-term letting services .
The oystercatcher liked the new `` Attenborough 's Walk '' in Norfolk so much that it decided to move in . All wild birds in the UK are protected by law , so the path has been closed to protect its nest and eggs . Experts say that the chicks will probably hatch in a couple of weeks , and the footpath will be reopened then .	A footpath unveiled by Sir David Attenborough has been forced to close just three days after opening , because a bird has made its nest there .
Jo Hunter 's goal in the third quarter was enough to give England the victory in the Pool A encounter . It was their second victory of the tournament after they beat Poland 3-0 in the opening match , before losing 1-0 to Japan . England face Ireland in the final group match on Sunday and are sat second in the table . Head coach Danny Kerry said : `` This evening we were exceptional at being intelligent , fast and constantly threatening . `` We limited Germany to very few opportunities and created numerous chances ourselves . The girls can be very proud of how they went about their business . '' England captain Alex Danson , who took a blow to the head in the second quarter but was able to continue , added : `` We are delighted . It was a fantastic performance against a great Germany side . We worked incredibly hard . '' The top four teams from Pool A and Pool B will go through to the quarter-finals which will take place on Tuesday . Four teams from the tournament will then go through to the World League Finals in New Zealand in November .	England beat Germany 1-0 in the group stages of the Women 's Hockey World League Semi-Final in Johannesburg .
The 24-year-old signed a four-year deal at Ibrox in September 2011 but had his contract terminated in June . Perry did not feature at all during the last campaign , having suffered ankle ligament damage in a pre-season friendly . He had loan spells at Oxford and Falkirk before making his Rangers debut in August 2011 , the first of 36 appearances . Perry was signed in time to play for Rovers in Saturday 's 1-0 friendly loss at home to Inverness Caledonian Thistle .	Raith Rovers have completed the signing of former Rangers defender Ross Perry .
Umpires Richard Kettleborough and Billy Taylor made a series of inspections before abandoning play at 15:45 BST . Duckett is 282 not out , having hit two sixes and 38 fours , with his side on 481-7 and a draw seemingly inevitable . Chris Rogers was the last triple centurion for Northants , making 319 against Gloucestershire in 2006 .	Northamptonshire opener Ben Duckett remained 18 runs short of a triple century as rain prevented play on day three against Sussex at Wantage Road .
Items including Stone Age tools and Bronze Age weapons will be put on show for the first time , if a Heritage Lottery Fund ( HLF ) bid is successful . The scheme will redesign the museum 's prehistory and early Roman galleries . Development funding of Â£96,300 has been awarded to allow staff to apply for further HLF money . Museum director Amanda Hart said : `` This project will transform the opening galleries , bringing the now dated displays in line with the rest of the museum . `` We 're talking about our prehistoric collections - things like rock art , hand axes , beakers from beaker burials , jewellery and early Bronze Age weapons . `` They are the most amazing objects , and we 're going to double the number of objects on display in those early galleries . '' Ms Hart said the `` really important '' objects had been collected over past 20 years from excavations across the Cotswolds . Work on the project , along with a new discovery centre and garden , is due to begin early next year .	Objects that have been hidden away in storage at the Corinium Museum in Cirencester are to be put on display as part of a new project .
The 36-year-old has not been selected since Pakistan 's early exit from the World Twenty20 in India in April , after which he resigned as Twenty20 captain . A hard-hitting right-handed batsman and leg-spinner , Afridi retired from Test cricket in 2010 and from one-day internationals in 2015 . He has scored more sixes than any other player in the history of one-day international cricket , with 351 . Meanwhile , off-spinner Saeed Ajmal has also been omitted by the Pakistan Cricket Board , hurting his chances of making a comeback in the national side .	Pakistan have decided not to renew Shahid Afridi 's central contract .
Tara Jane Lawther , 46 , from Templepatrick , assaulted police officers who were called to Coast pizzeria , Portrush , County Antrim on 10 October . At Coleraine Magistrates Court on Monday , she admitted three assaults , two on police officers . She was released on her own bail of Â£250 , pending reports . She is banned from all of the Ramore chain of restaurants and is not allowed to drink or enter licensed premises .	A County Antrim woman has admitted being drunk in public while in charge of a child aged under seven .
The man was a passenger in a Ford Galaxy people carrier which struck the central rope barrier on the road before coming to rest on the central reservation . He was thrown from the vehicle and then hit by a northbound silver Mercedes . Police have appealed for witnesses to the crash which happened at 17:05 on Friday . The 40-year-old driver of the Ford Galaxy and his other three male passengers - aged , 23 , 34 and 63 - were taken by ambulance to Wishaw General Hospital . They were released after receiving treatment for minor injuries . The 26-year-old driver of the Mercedes was not injured . The road was re-opened at about 02:05 on Saturday .	A 40-year-old man has died after being hit by a car following a crash on the M74 near Beattock .
The Health and Safety Executive ( HSE ) issued six improvement notices to the health board , following inspections at hospitals in Aberdeen and Elgin . It said measures to prevent the spread of hepatitis B were not strong enough . It also said more training was needed in the safe handling of sharp equipment . Work was also needed in the prevention of patients suffering falls , the HSE said . It followed inspections carried out in July at Aberdeen Royal Infirmary , the children 's and maternity hospitals , Aberdeen 's Woodend Hospital , the Aberdeen Health and Care Village , and Dr Gray 's Hospital in Elgin . NHS Grampian said staff were working hard to implement the improvements required , and a number of staff briefings had taken place . A spokesperson said : `` We have accepted the need for action and given a commitment to addressing the issues which started immediately on the receipt of the feedback . `` We have been impressed at the level of engagement around this issue . ''	NHS Grampian has been issued with a series of improvement notices over its performance in preventing infections , injuries and falls .
Councils will post school closures on their websites , but the decision is taken by individual head teachers . Cardiff Airport has a live arrivals and departures board and Traffic Wales details any problems on the roads . Two Met Office yellow `` be aware '' warnings for snow are in effect throughout Wales on Thursday and there is also a chance of thundersnow . About 2cm ( 0.8in ) of snow is possible on low levels , with 5cm-10cm ( 1.9in-3.9in ) possible above 200m ( 656ft ) . Wrexham council said there could be disruption to some of its services . Lead member for environment and transport , David Bithell , said : `` It is likely that services will not be affected , but members of the public will be kept appraised of any changes . `` As the weather is checked daily from October , we are more than prepared for any increased gritting activity and have plenty of salt stocked . '' Denbighshire council said it had 3,600 tonnes of salt and would prioritise A and B roads , as well as having contracts with 25 firms to clear minor roads .	With warnings of snow showers across Wales from Thursday , there could be an impact on schools , travel and services .
Ghulam Abbas was shot dead in the Korangi area of the financial capital late on Monday night . He was a witness in the murder of Sabeen Mehmud who was killed after hosting a gathering to discuss violence in Balochistan . Police say they are not sure if the two killings are linked but are increasing protection for other witnesses . Reports say two men on a motorbike shot Mr Abbas dead outside his home , before escaping . Police say he suffered three bullet wounds . `` Ghulam Abbas used to work as Sabeen Mehmud 's part-time driver , '' police official Rao Iqbal told Dawn newspaper . `` The witnesses insisted that the attackers knew him personally so we ca n't reach any conclusion with authority about the motive behind the killing . '' Ms Mehmud had been driving her car with Ghulam Abbas sitting on the rear seat when she was attacked in April . Mr Abbas drove the activist and her injured mother to hospital after the shooting . Police say Mr Abbas had already identified the activist 's killers and had no further role in the trial . Ms Mehmud had hosted a talk on allegations of torture in the province of Balochistan , where security forces are fighting Taliban militants , Baloch separatists and other groups , moments before she was shot dead .	Gunmen in the Pakistani city of Karachi have killed the driver of a prominent activist who was murdered in April .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 24 July 2013 Last updated at 21:26 BST Yorkshire Cat Rescue near Keighley has taken in 450 animals so far this year . Sara Atkinson , the charity 's founder , said : `` It 's heartbreaking and very difficult . `` We 've seen lots of young kittens living in pens waiting for their forever homes . ''	A cat rescue charity says it has seen the highest number of abandoned cats and kittens during its 21-year history .
Speaking on BBC NI 's The View the DUP leader said : `` We registered as a party in the Leave campaign because we felt very passionate about it . `` We played a role nationally . `` We received a donation which has been properly put into the Electoral Commission , '' she added . Mrs Foster said she did not recall how much money was involved . She declined to reveal the identity of the donor or donors but said the money was properly accounted for `` under the rules as they currently stand '' .	Arlene Foster has confirmed that the DUP received a donation to advertise a pro-Brexit position in Britain prior to the referendum on the UK 's membership of the European Union .
John Tory won 40 % of the vote , ahead of Doug Ford , whose brother Rob admitted problems with alcohol and crack cocaine use during his four years in office . Rob Ford announced last month that he would not seek re-election as he undergoes treatment for a rare cancer . However , he did win election to a council seat in the Etobicoke district . `` In four more years , you 're going to see another example of the Ford family never , ever , ever giving up , '' he said , hinting at another run for mayor . The results of the mayoral election were announced on Monday night after more than 90 % of the votes had been counted . Doug Ford congratulated Mr Tory on his victory and said he was proud of his brother . `` I still believe he 's the best mayor ever , '' he said . Earlier this year , Rob Ford began rehab for drugs and alcohol problems after a slew of newspaper reports and videos that depicted him under the influence . In 2013 , the mayor admitted he had smoked crack cocaine in a `` drunken stupor '' . He was stripped of many of his powers by the city council . John Tory - 40 % Doug Ford - 34 % Olivia Chow - 23 %	A moderate conservative has been elected as the mayor of the Canadian city of Toronto , defeating the brother of controversial incumbent Rob Ford .
At the launch of a government technology initiative , Lee Hsien Loong said he had written the `` pretty basic '' computer program a few years ago . On Facebook , he revealed he had written it in the C++ programming language , first widely used in the 1980s . It has led to thousands of responses praising him for knowing how to code . Mr Lee , who graduated from Cambridge University with a first-class degree in mathematics and a diploma in computer science , asked readers to tell him `` if they found any bugs '' . Many of the hundreds of comments the post has attracted have been from people from countries outside Singapore , admiring the Mr Lee 's skills , with some lamenting the technical abilities of their own leaders . Singapore 's population has one of the highest levels of computer ownership in the world . The government has been keen to present the island as a test bed for new technology innovations . Mr Lee said it was imperative Singapore stayed ahead of the game when it came to technology and programming .	Singapore 's prime minister has revealed his computer programming skills by publishing code he wrote to solve Sudoku puzzles , on his Facebook page .
The officer was arrested on Thursday morning after he was suspected of breaching the Garda SÃ­ochÃ¡na Act . The investigation began last year following a report by the former children 's ombudsman Emily Logan . The report was into the police removal of two children from their families in Athlone and Dublin in October 2013 . The children were subsequently returned to their families . The report found that while the Health Service Executive could not be ruled out , the release of details in relation to one of the children probably came from someone within the police and may have been an offence . RTÃ‰ News has reported that the officer is the most senior Garda officer ever to have been arrested as part of a criminal investigation . He was arrested after he arrived at a County Dublin police station by appointment at 07:30 on Thursday . The investigation is being led by a chief superintendent and a detective superintendent based in Dublin city centre . The office of the officer has been searched and his phone and computer records examined .	A senior Garda ( Irish police ) officer has been arrested as part of an investigation into the unlawful disclosure of information to the media .
His car collided with four parked cars after failing to give way at the junction of St George 's Road in Preston while driving along St Martin 's Road . He was taken to hospital after the crash which took place at about 17:30 GMT and was later pronounced dead . The road was closed while investigations took place . Anyone with information or anyone who witnessed the collision is asked to contact police .	An 86-year-old man has died following a car crash in Lancashire .
The complex , once completed , will house 350 beds , a heli-pad and 980 parking spaces . Work officially started on the project with a sod-cutting ceremony in June last year . Justine Laurie , who works with the new hospital team , has posted a number of images showing the scheme 's progress . It is hoped the hospital on farmland off the Garroch roundabout will open late next year to replace the current Dumfries Infirmary on the town 's Bankend Road .	A series of images has captured the progress being made on a multi-million pound new hospital development in Dumfries .
There were no survivors from the crash , which happened in a remote area near the village of Russian Mission . Those killed included three people on a Cessna from Hageland Aviation , a local airline , and two on a Piper operated by Renfro 's Alaskan Adventures , a tourism company , Alaska 's national guard said . Mid-air collisions are rare in the US and most occur near airports .	Five people have died in a mid-air collision between two small commercial planes in the US state of Alaska .
Norfolk 's gay , lesbian , bi-sexual and trans-gender ( LGBT ) community event aims to celebrate diversity and give residents an insight into their world . Thousands of people turned out to watch the parade . Among those taking part was Broken Rainbow which helps people if they find themselves in abusive relationships . Amy , one of the organisers of the services , said : `` It 's very easy to assume because people are in a same sex relationship they will not have the same problems , quote , normal people do . `` We provide online chat support and phone referrals for counselling to offer all the help we can as well as legal advice . '' Educate and Celebrate , which visits schools to try to change perceptions about LGBT people , and the Unison Union helping LGBT people who may feel under-represented at work , were also represented at the festival . Members of the LGBT community took part in the parade from Chapelfield Gardens to the Forum in a variety of colours and costumes . The event has run since 2009 and is supported by volunteers , the city council , arts venues and businesses . Venues throughout the city were flying rainbow flags in support of the event . Shoppers , residents and visitors lined the main streets in the city centre to watch the parade .	The annual Pride festival has taken place in Norwich , with groups taking the opportunity to promote the serious side of their work .
The 24-year-old striker finished as the top scorer in Austria 's top flight last season with 17 goals in 33 games . Kayode had been linked with a move to Newcastle United . Four other City players are to spend the 2017-18 season at newly-promoted La Liga side Girona . Brazilian £10.7m midfielder Douglas Luiz , right-back Pablo Maffeo , midfielder Aleix Garcia and Colombian winger Marlos Moreno have all signed loan deals with the Spanish club . Girona have officially confirmed the loan deal for Kayode , but City are yet to make a formal announcement . He scored 24 goals in 48 matches for Vienna last season , including two goals in two games against Roma in the Europa League . Kayode , who has also played for ASEC Mimosas in the Ivory Coast , FC Luzern in Switzerland Maccabi Netanya in Israel . He represented Nigeria at the 2009 and 2011 Under-17 and Under-20 World Cups respectively . He made his debut for Nigeria in a friendly against Senegal in March and has three caps for the three-time African champions . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Manchester City have signed Nigeria international Olarenwaju Kayode from Austria Vienna on a four-year deal and sent him on a season-long loan to Spanish side Girona .
Shropshire Wildlife Trust wants to restore the 15-acre site as an area of wildlife-rich peat bog . It is launching a public appeal to help convey the site back to nature . The scrapyard lies on the Marches Mosses , a wetlands area which crosses the Shropshire and Cheshire border . The trust has bought the scrapyard but said it will have to get specialist help to clean it up . It currently contains 100,000 tyres , tonnes of wing mirrors and bumpers and oil sump pits . Once cleaned , the site will be covered with peat allowing the bog habitat to regenerate . The trust said it needs to raise about £500,000 to clean and manage the land . Four years ago , the government gave the wildlife trust a grant of more than £500,000 to help maintain the wetlands and make them more accessible .	A former breakers ' yard which lies in a conservation area and closed after 50 years leaving 100,000 tyres and car parts behind , is to be cleaned up .
Clayton Engineering in Knighton will supply the charity with the `` launch and recovery system '' vehicles . The 22-metre long vehicles can tow a 15-tonne lifeboat up steep shingle beaches . Economy Secretary Ken Skates said the contract was testament to Clayton 's `` manufacturing expertise , capability and highly skilled workforce '' . Manufacture of the vehicles is set to be completed by 2020 . To meet demand , a £500,000 extension to the firm 's factory will be built . The Welsh government is contributing £99,593 . Clayton Engineering employs 42 people and the Welsh Government said the investment would safeguard eight jobs and see at least three new workshop workers trained .	Seven vehicles weighing 37 tonnes that can tow rescue boats up steep beaches will be made in Powys for the RNLI .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 21 May 2015 Last updated at 17:11 BST He adopted `` Pancake '' and they have formed such a close bond that they go to see clients together and hang out in his office . `` If I leave him on his own he goes crazy so I just take him with me , '' said Mr Hutchinson , from Didsbury in Greater Manchester . `` He follows me around everywhere - he thinks I 'm his mum . '' He said he hopes his office buddy will eventually become more independent and pursue a high-flying career of his own . `` We 'll all miss him , but we wo n't miss the cleaning up . '' BBC North West Tonight 's Suzanne Hailey reports .	When a duckling was orphaned and found in a neighbour 's garden , businessman Austin Hutchinson came to the rescue .
The 28-year-old Irishman was withdrawn during the first half of Monday 's 3-1 defeat at his former club Inverness Caledonian Thistle . An influential player for the Dons , Hayes has scored five goals in 32 appearances this season . Monday 's loss in the Highlands leaves Aberdeen three points behind Premiership leaders Celtic . `` As anticipated , Jonny has a tear on his hamstring and the scan shows that he will he out for be for three weeks , '' said manager Derek McInnes . `` I do n't think we 'll get him back before then . `` We 've lost important players at different stages of the season and it represents an opportunity for someone else . `` We know the importance of Jonny but we ca n't get too down about it . ''	Aberdeen winger Jonny Hayes is facing up to a month on the sidelines after sustaining a hamstring injury .
Police said a 52-year-old man was left with a number of injuries near a bus stop in Ferry Road at about 22:30 on Friday . He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary , where he was in a serious but stable condition . A 57-year-old man was in police custody . Officers said they were treating it as attempted murder . Det Insp Alan O'Brien said : `` We are currently following a number of positive lines of inquiry . '' `` I would like to reassure the local community that crimes like this are rare . Anyone who was within the area at the time who may have witnessed the incident is asked to contact the police on 101 . ''	A man has been detained after another man was seriously injured in an incident in Edinburgh .
Kumble , 45 , has no international or first-class coaching experience but is India 's leading Test wicket taker with 619 wickets in 132 games . India have been without a head coach since Duncan Fletcher left the role after the 2015 World Cup . Former team director Ravi Shastri has overseen India 's recent World Twenty20 and Asia Cup campaigns . Kumble previously served as the cricket committee chairman of the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) from 2012 to 2016 after retiring from cricket . A panel comprising former players Sachin Tendulkar , VVS Laxman and Sourav Ganguly made the decision to appoint Kumble after an 18-month search . India won the 2013 Champions Trophy under Fletcher but suffered a 3-1 defeat in their last Test series in England in 2014 and failed to defend their World Cup title . Under Shastri 's guidance they reached the semi-finals of the World Twenty20 in March , with captain Virat Kohli becoming the ICC number-one ranked T20 batsman .	India have appointed former captain and leg spinner Anil Kumble as their new head coach on a one-year deal .
1 September 2016 Last updated at 15:51 BST Several fire engines and about 30 firefighters are still battling the fire at the Wastebeater facility on the Blackstaff Road , off Kennedy Way . People living near the facility have been advised to keep their doors and windows closed . BBC Newsline 's Catherine Morrison reports from the scene .	A fire that broke out at a recycling plant in west Belfast on Wednesday could take up to 24 hours to be fully extinguished , Northern Ireland 's chief fire officer says .
Joseph Munroe , 98 , from North Shields is registered blind , and lives alone . He claims that his local service refused to pick him up claiming he was abusing his bus pass . A Nexus spokesperson said : `` We 're very sorry for the experience Mr Munroe has had . If there is a particular problem with a driver , we want it sorting out quickly . '' He added : `` We 've been in contact with the bus company that provide this service on our behalf to make sure in the future Mr Munroe is always picked up . '' The problems occurred on the 333 , a service in North Shields which runs in a loop . Mr Munroe said he sometimes boarded the bus in the wrong direction when it was cold in order to stay warm . He said a driver then told him , `` you 're not coming on this bus , wait for the next one '' , and that since then the bus had driven past him at the bus stop . Mr Munroe said : `` I 'm speaking to Nexus myself to get this sorted . `` First one driver told me I could n't get on , so I called up and made a complaint , and now [ two ] drivers on the route have told me I 'm barred . ''	A bus company has apologised after a partially sighted war veteran was repeatedly ignored at a bus stop .
The Bluebirds beat Preston North End 2-0 in one of seven Tuesday night games . There were also seven Premier League games as the window drew to a close . `` It 's a nightmare , it 's a disgrace . You ca n't tell me the Football Association could n't plan it where there is n't a game , '' said Warnock . The deadline was 23:00 GMT for Football League and Premier League clubs - a little over an hour after the final whistle in the matches . `` I am disappointed that we have n't brought anyone in , '' said 68-year-old Warnock . `` In the afternoon I should have been resting and I went to have a kip for half an hour and my phone went 20 times . Podcast : Warnock praises winning Cardiff attitude `` It 's typical of the FA that they have n't got the time or the inclination to try and help clubs or managers . `` They obviously have never been in our situation , do n't know the phone is ringing every five or 10 minutes -agents , clubs . `` They have n't got a clue . ''	Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock has strongly criticised the Football Association for scheduling Championship matches on the last day of the January transfer window .
Tata has paused plans to sell the site , which currently employs 4,000 people . The Indian company is working on keeping its UK business as part of a joint venture with German conglomerate ThyssenKrupp . Roy Rickhuss from the Community union said he was `` encouraged '' by the visit . Mr Clark was appointed head of the new Department for Business , Energy and Industrial Strategy on 14 July as part of Prime Minister Theresa May 's cabinet reshuffle . Mr Rickhuss said : `` I am encouraged that Greg Clark has met with steelworkers in his first week on the job . `` He will have left today in no doubt that Community will keep the pressure on this government to keep their promises to protect the steel industry . `` The new secretary of state clearly understands the scale of the challenge still facing the industry , but his words to steelworkers today must be followed by firm actions to help save their jobs . `` By visiting Port Talbot , he will have seen first-hand that the highly skilled workforce is the foundation on which any success for this industry will be built . ''	Workers at Tata Steel 's Port Talbot plant have been meeting with the new UK secretary of state for business , Greg Clark .
There were no lives lost in accidents on the stretch of road between July and December last year . The group , whose partners include Police Scotland , Highland Council and Road Safety Scotland , said average speed cameras had made the A9 safer . Six people have died since the network of cameras went live in October 2014 . Police Scotland has ruled out excessive speed - something the cameras are designed to tackle - or overtaking manoeuvres as the cause of those fatal accidents . Transport Minister Derek Mackay said the reduction in fatalities was welcome . But he added that every road death was `` one too many '' and the Scottish government and its partners were `` steadfastly committed '' to making the road safer . Government agency Transport Scotland 's accident database holds reports going back to 1978 . The A9 Safety Group said that at that time the A9 was undergoing a major upgrade , `` making a direct comparison with any earlier period problematic '' .	The longest period of time without a fatal crash on the A9 between Inverness and Dunblane since 1978 has been recorded , the A9 Safety Group has said .
Mr McGovern died after being attacked on a night out in Omagh , County Tyrone , on New Year 's Eve in 2012 . Mark Donnelly , 23 , from Greencastle had pleaded not guilty to manslaughter . He now faces trial for a fourth time after two juries could not agree and a third trial was aborted for legal reasons . The jury indicated to Dungannon crown court on Friday that they were unable to reach a majority verdict after more than four hours of deliberation . The judge commended the jurors for the careful attention they had paid throughout the trial and the dutiful way they had made efforts to reach a verdict . The prosecution claimed Mark Donnelly , of Greencastle Road , Omagh , threw the punch that knocked Mr McGovern to the ground . The teenager had suffered a fractured skull and was found dead at a friend 's house later that day . Mark Donnelly claimed he was the victim of mistaken identity . He will return to court on June 19 when he will find out if the Public Prosecution Service will seek another retrial .	A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the retrial of a County Tyrone man accused of killing 19-year-old Jason McGovern of Tydavnet , County Monaghan .
The 44-year-old has been in interim charge since the Ravens parted company with Mark Goldberg on 4 February . Former Gillingham midfielder Smith has won six and drawn three of his 13 games in charge at Hayes Lane . `` The board have unanimously concluded that Neil and his team have the capability to match the ambitions of the club , '' chairman Jerry Dolke said . Bromley were 14th in the table when Goldberg departed , with Dolke citing `` new investors who have higher expectations '' as the main reason for his dismissal . The Ravens have risen to 11th since Smith , who was Goldberg 's assistant , took over .	National League side Bromley have appointed Neil Smith as their new manager on a two-year deal .
Island leaders believe the sea around Alderney could generate up to 3GW of tidal energy - as much as a nuclear power station . Alderney Wildlife Trust said not enough was known about how tidal power generation could affect bird life . It is opening a gannet adoption scheme to help pay for the Â£300 GPS trackers . The island is home to about 16,000 gannets . Holly Marshall , of the trust , said : `` We want to find out where our birds are foraging . `` There might be a negative impact when all these new renewable energy developments occur . `` We do n't actually have any evidence . That 's why we want to find out . '' In 2008 , Alderney Renewable Energy ( ARE ) secured a 65-year licence to install tidal turbines in the island 's 48 square miles of territorial waters . ARE has not yet responded to requests for comment but on its website , the company says every proposed energy project will be subject to a range of environmental assessments . The first tidal turbines are due to be installed by 2019 and ARE claims Alderney could eventually produce enough power for 1.8 million homes .	Conservationists in Alderney are planning to tag 15 gannets over concerns about the effects of renewable energy projects on the birds .
Political reporter Samantha Maiden said the offensive text , which also contained strong language , was intended for disgraced ex-minister Jamie Briggs . She said Mr Dutton apologised for the message about her article referring to Mr Briggs ' recent resignation . The BBC has approached Mr Dutton 's office for comment . He reportedly told News Corp in a statement he is expecting a `` tough time '' in Ms Maiden 's next article . `` Sam and I have exchanged some robust language over the years so we had a laugh after this and I apologised to her straightaway , which she took in good faith , '' Mr Dutton was quoted as saying . Former Cities Minister Jamie Briggs resigned last week following a complaint from a female public servant over his alleged conduct during a night out in Hong Kong .	Australia 's Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has reportedly apologised for mistakenly sending an SMS to a journalist , calling her a `` mad witch '' .
Salim Coulter was shot in the head outside Jerky Chicken takeaway in Walham Grove , Fulham , on 5 December . On Tuesday , a 22-year-old was detained at Heathrow airport on board a flight to Algeria and a second man , aged 23 , was arrested in south London . A third man , aged 20 , was arrested in London on Wednesday . All three are being held in separate police stations . Police believe Mr Coulter , who was with a friend , had stopped for something to eat at the fast food restaurant . The trainee gas engineer was found dead in a car . Omar Hutson , 29 , of no fixed address , has been charged with his murder . He is also charged with the attempted murder of a 25-year-old man in Walham Grove on 5 December and possession of a firearm . He is due to appear at the Old Bailey on 8 March .	Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a 24-year-old outside a west London takeaway .
The emergency services were called out at about 10:00 , and the CHC helicopter landed at about 10:15 . A CHC spokesperson said : `` In accordance with operating procedures , the crew requested priority landing from air traffic control . `` This is normal procedure , a light illuminated in the cockpit . '' The spokesperson added : `` The aircraft will now be inspected fully by engineers . ''	An offshore helicopter has landed safely at Aberdeen International Airport after a warning light activated .
The FA plans to increase prize money , but could introduce a `` unity '' payment to split funds more equally . Clubs receive an extra payment each time a tie they are involved in is televised live , meaning some earn much more money than others . `` I think it should be the same as it is now , '' said boss Adams , whose side have earned £1m from this season 's FA Cup . Argyle will have at least three games televised this season . Their second-round replay at Newport County netted them £36,000 , the third-round 0-0 draw at Liverpool earned them £144,000 and they will get £72,000 for their replay at Home Park on 18 January . Coupled with prize money and gate receipts from five games , including their share of the 52,692 crowd at Liverpool , Argyle 's earnings from the run represent around 20 % of the club 's annual turnover . `` A lucrative tie can help clubs massively , we 've seen that in the past in being able to help clubs improve their infrastructure , '' added Adams . `` The way it is just now makes it even better . Everyone sitting around their television on a Monday night waiting for the draw is what it 's all about . Everyone wants to get that big Premier League team . ''	The Football Association should not change how it distributes FA Cup money to clubs , says Plymouth 's Derek Adams .
An initial accord ending more than 50 years of conflict was struck in late September , but rejected by Colombians in a vote . Days later Mr Santos was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize , which he said gave a `` tremendous push '' for a new deal . He is in the Norwegian capital Oslo and will collect the prize on Saturday . None of his co-signatories from the Farc are attending , with the group still designated as a terrorist organisation in many countries . Mr Santos said , however , that they `` will be here in heart and spirit '' . On his award , he said : `` It came like a gift from heaven , because it gave us a tremendous push . `` People in Colombia interpreted it as a mandate from the international community to persevere , to continue striving to achieve a new peace agreement . '' The Colombian government and the Farc signed a revised deal in November . The conflict has killed more than 260,000 people and left millions internally displaced .	Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has said his Nobel Peace Prize came `` like a gift from heaven '' in his bid to forge an agreement with Farc rebels .
The Venerable Andy Piggott , who turns 66 next year , will leave his position on 30 June . He said : `` The role of an archdeacon is quite a challenging one and it 's been hard work but it 's people who I 'll miss , who 've been very kind . '' The archdeacon and his wife Ruth plan to move back to the West Midlands . The Bishop of Bath and Wells , the Right Reverend Peter Hancock , said both had made significant contributions to the life in the diocese . He said events would held over the next months to mark and celebrate the archdeacon 's ministry . Mr Piggott said he had been `` very surprised and very humbled '' when invited to become archdeacon in 2005 and that it had been great to live and serve in the area .	The Archdeacon of Bath has announced he will retire next year having served the diocese since 2005 and being in full time ministry for 30 years .
3 March 2017 Last updated at 14:42 GMT The attack in Melton Mowbray on Wednesday afternoon was caught on CCTV . Police said the man fled with `` a quantity '' of cash from the shop to a car parked nearby . The woman , who worked at the shop , was treated in hospital for a cut to her head . Officers said the attack could be linked to a similar attempted robbery shortly before .	A man with an axe has attacked and injured a woman in a robbery at a convenience store .
His mother , Heeraben , even posed with a new 2,000 rupee note outside the bank . Modi supporters were quick to praise his mother for changing money like an ordinary person . But critics said she was being used for political ends . Mr Modi has made emotional appeals to Indians to be patient after he banned 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in a crackdown on undeclared wealth . People have been flocking to banks and ATMs to withdraw cash or exchange the old notes , resulting in chaotic scenes and long queues . Police have had to be called in at some banks to calm tempers . Mr Modi has asked people to remain calm and give his government 50 days to fully replace the banned notes with new ones . He added that the decision had been taken in the public interest to crack down on corruption and illegal cash holdings known as `` black money '' . His mother was caught in the full glare of media attention when she turned up in person at a village bank near the western city of Gandhinagar . Some Twitter users said his supporters were sharing his mother 's pictures in an attempt to pacify people who have been angered by the government move . But others thanked Heeraben for setting an example .	Pictures of Indian PM Narendra Modi 's 94-year-old mother changing banned notes at a bank have hit the headlines .
The collision , involving the bicycle and a car , took place on Faraday Close , Harworth , in the north of the county , at about 14:00 BST on Wednesday . A 26-year-old was arrested shortly after police launched an appeal to trace a car which failed to stop at the scene . The victim , a 44-year-old man , has not yet been named .	A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a cyclist in Nottinghamshire .
The 34-year-old , capped 118 times for Italy , came on as a second-half substitute and appeared to direct a stamp towards Duncan Taylor 's foot . The suspension was given at a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday where the forward admitted to the offence . Castrogiovanni will miss Italy 's next Six Nations game against Ireland in Dublin on Saturday , 12 March . For the latest rugby union news follow @ bbcrugbyunion on Twitter .	Martin Castrogiovanni has received a two-week ban for stamping during Saturday 's 36-20 defeat by Scotland .
More than 24 portraits by America 's 43rd president will feature in the exhibit , called The Art of Leadership : A President 's Personal Diplomacy . His works will be displayed at the George W Bush Presidential Library and Museum in Dallas . The subjects of the portraits , signed with the number 43 , are not known . However , President Bush did famously present a portrait of Jay Leno to the US chat show host on an edition of his show last November . Artefacts , photographs and personal reflections will also be part of the exhibition , which aims to `` provide an insider 's view into President Bush 's unique relationships with other world leaders '' . President Bush took painting lessons after leaving the White House in January 2009 and has cited British Prime Minister Winston Churchill 's book Painting as a Pastime as an inspiration . The 67-year-old 's known works include a picture of Barney , his black Scottish terrier who died in 2013 , and paintings of his ranch near Waco , Texas . `` People are surprised , '' he told the Dallas Morning News last year . `` Of course , some people are surprised I can even read . ''	The paintings of former US President George W Bush are to be exhibited for the first time in April at the Texas library and museum that bears his name .
Michael Cook has made the inquiry regarding provision at Lamberton on the boundary between the Scottish Borders and Northumberland . He said three Saltires currently fly on the Scottish side . Mr Cook asked whether a county flag of Berwickshire or the union jack could also be flown north of the border . His request to Transport Scotland is scheduled to be discussed by Scottish Borders Council 's Berwickshire area forum . Mr Cook pointed out that on the English side of the border the flag of Northumberland , St George 's flag and the union jack were regularly flown . He has asked whether it would be possible to fly a flag featuring the emblem of Berwickshire - a bear chained to a tree . He said the local area forum was keen to highlight the `` regional distinctiveness '' of the area . Mr Cook also asked whether it would be possible to fly the union jack reflecting the `` shared identity and relationship which exists across the border '' .	A Berwickshire councillor has asked whether flags other than the Saltire can be flown on the Scottish side of the border with England .
Channel 4 confirmed to BBC News it was `` looking at options '' for the show , which would form part of its Stand Up To Cancer fundraiser in October . According to reports , the problem-solving show would feature celebrity contestants , with former Doctor Who star David Tennant tipped to host . However Channel 4 said it was `` premature '' to confirm the details . The Crystal Maze originally ran from 1990-95 and was first hosted by Rocky Horror Show creator Richard O'Brien and then Ed Tudor-Pole in its last two years . It saw members of the public tackle a range of physical , mental , skill and mystery timed challenges across four themed zones . The format was recently revived as an immersive live experience in London thanks to a crowdfunded project . Organisers for the The Crystal Maze experience told Buzzfeed the new Channel 4 special would be filmed on their premises . Follow us on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , on Instagram , or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Classic 1990s game show The Crystal Maze is set to return for a one-off charity special .
The owner of John Lewis and Waitrose said first half profits fell 26 % to £96m , mainly because of higher pensions charges and some property sales in the comparable period last year . It warned that in the full year , higher pension charges were likely to be between £270m and £320m , down from £342.7m last year . John Lewis ' pension deficit is £1.15bn . Like-for-like sales , which exclude the effect of new store space , fell 1.3 % at its Waitrose supermarkets , which was offset by 3.0 % growth in sales at the department stores . It was the first fall in sales at Waitrose for seven years . Chairman Sir Charlie Mayfield said : `` At a trading level our profits were broadly level with last year , despite the turmoil in the grocery market . `` That reflects tight management of costs and the steps we have taken to strengthen the appeal of our trading brands , where we have seen an encouraging increase in the number of customers shopping with us . '' Customer numbers were up 7 % at Waitrose and 6 % at John Lewis .	The staff-owned John Lewis Partnership has warned pension costs will hit its profits this year .
The man who called himself Jacoob Ben Nistell from Haifa in Israel was in fact a Catholic cook named Jacek Niszczota , the reports say . The bearded man with sidelocks and wide-brimmed hat has now disappeared from the Polish city of Poznan . But the small Jewish community there has still thanked him for his help . Newspaper Glos Wielkopolski uncovered the apparent deception ( in Polish ) after the `` rabbi '' was interviewed on TV . Someone from his hometown , Ciechanow in central Poland , had recognised him . He then disappeared and could not be contacted again , the paper said . Alicja Kobus , president of Poznan 's Jewish community , told Agence France-Presse that no-one had thought to check the rabbi 's identity . `` I admire his determination - he had learnt Hebrew , the Jewish traditions and prayers , all through listening to Israeli radio , '' she said . She bore him no ill will , she added , as he had never accepted a single zloty for his work with the community . His dark beard and sidelocks must have been dyed , she said , as they later found out that Jacek Niszczota was in fact blond .	A man entrusted to give talks at Polish schools about Judaism and lead Jewish prayers was neither a rabbi nor even Jewish , media reports say .
Christopher Hughes was found guilty of 14 sexual offences against the girls , aged between nine and 14 , between 1998 and 2007 . The 34-year-old from Bliss Close in Coventry `` systematically took advantage of '' each victim , police said . He was convicted by a unanimous verdict at Warwickshire Justice Centre of rape , attempted rape and other sex offences . One victim came forward in 2007 but there was insufficient evidence to bring Hughes to trial , the court heard . But he was arrested in June 2015 after further victims reported abuse and the Crown Prosecution Service proceeded with the case . Jailing him on Friday after a two-week trial , Judge Sylvia de Bertodano said : `` When you offend in this way against young girls , you ruin their childhood and you introduce them to a world where adults do not protect them . '' Det Con Clive Leftwich from West Midlands Police added : `` Hughes took advantage of these girls from a very young age , at a time when they would have been very frightened about what was happening and scared to tell anyone , believing that they were in some way to blame . '' Hughes has also been put on the sex offenders register for life .	A man has been jailed for 27 years after being convicted of raping and sexually assaulting four young girls .
Cycling Moo Kay was one of 60 decorated cows that made up last summer 's Surrey Hills Cow Parade . It was taken in August from its plinth at the top of Box Hill , near Dorking , which formed part of the London 2012 Olympics cycling road race course . The sculpture was found at a property in Newdigate by police . A man in his 40s was arrested on suspicion of theft . The artist who painted it , Charlie Rowbotham , said he was delighted it had been found . A charity auction of the cows in November - excluding Cycling Moo Kay - raised more than Â£130,000 which was to be split between 52 charities . Cycling Moo Kay has now been been returned to organisers at Surrey Hills Cow Parade .	A fibreglass sculpture of a cow stolen from a beauty spot just before a charity auction has been found .
John Leonard Scollay , 40 , who was known as Leonard , from Lerwick , was killed when the Diamond went down . Shetland Coastguard received a Mayday call from the boat at about 02:55 , reporting that it had hit rocks on the approach to West Burrafirth Pier . A local boat , Diana Maxwell , recovered one man from the water . A second was recovered by the Aith RNLI lifeboat . Both men were airlifted to Gilbert Bain Hospital . The other crew member was said to be in a `` stable '' condition . A report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal .	A fisherman has died after a scallop boat sank after hitting rocks off Shetland .
The storm hit the eastern coast early on Saturday and is now moving across the island . It is ripping up trees and tearing down billboards , and triggered a landslide in at least one village . About two million households have been left without electricity and four people have died . Rail services and flights have been cancelled and all schools and offices are closed . Ahead of Soudelour 's arrival , the authorities made thousands of people leave their homes for safety . The storm is later expected to move into the Taiwan Strait and on to mainland China . Find out more about typhoons with our guide .	Powerful Typhoon Soudelor is battering the island nation Taiwan , off the coast of China , with strong winds and heavy rain .
Police said the 52-year-old woman and a man , 51 , were struck by a black Renault minibus on the A64 at Crambeck , near Malton , close to midnight on Saturday . The pair , who were pronounced dead at the scene , had just got off a double-decker Coastliner bus . The minibus was heading towards York at the time and police have made an appeal for witnesses .	Two people died when they were hit by a minibus as they crossed a road after getting off a bus in North Yorkshire .
Youngs , 26 , in his 10th season of senior rugby with the club , played in three of England four World Cup games . Uncapped lock Slater , 27 , has played 101 games for the Tigers since 2010 . Burns , who made 28 appearances last season following his arrival from Gloucester , has yet to feature in 2015-16 after suffering a fractured jaw . The 25-year-old has been capped five times by England , but has not played for his country since 2014 . `` When I first came to Tigers last summer , I always thought of it as a long-term move for me , '' said Burns .	England scrum-half Ben Youngs and fly-half Freddie Burns join Leicester Tigers captain Ed Slater in agreeing new undisclosed deals with the club .
The Cairngorm Mountain Rescue was called out at 17:30 to help the walker on the 1,296m ( 4,252ft ) Braeriach . A dozen rescuers were dropped off by helicopter and then carried out line searches on the summit plateau . The walker was found at about 23:30 on Friday and was taken down the mountain before being airlifted to safety . The condition of the casualty is not known . The rescue team said it was a `` demanding '' search in `` thick mist , driving drizzle and a strong breeze '' with visibility dropping to 10m ( 33ft ) even before it got dark . A team spokesman added : `` Casualty was located at 23:30 high on the hill then supported/half-carried across boulder fields down to a pick-up point below the clouds , from which the aircraft took him to safety . `` Thanks are due to [ Coastguard rescue helicopter ] R951 who came back for the sodden hill parties as well ... Made a long night about two hours shorter . ''	A hillwalker has been rescued after getting lost in thick mist and strong winds on the top of Scotland 's third highest mountain .
The Wings are four points adrift of safety and without a win in 10 league matches , stretching back to 13 October . The 31-year-old led the side to the FA Cup second round before losing to Carlisle , but they have lost their last five games in all competitions . Coaches Matt McEntegart and Paul Barnes have also left the club . Welling operations manager Barry Hobbins told the club website : `` We 're disappointed that we 've had to make a change but we felt we had to give ourselves the best chance possible of staying up . `` We enjoyed a good run in the FA Cup this season but the league is our priority and we need to get back to winning ways very quickly . '' Former Welling defender Fazakerley , who made 219 appearances for the club , helped save the Wings from relegation last season after taking over from Jody Brown in March . `` I 'm very disappointed because I still believe we could still have turned things round , '' he told BBC Radio Kent . `` It has been a very intense few months and we gave it everything . With every game you fail to win your time runs out so we knew it was a possibility . `` It is the end of an era as I had some great years at Welling . ''	Welling United have sacked manager Loui Fazakerley after 10 months in charge , with the club currently in the National League relegation zone .
Evros Technology Group provides and manages IT systems for its customers . Established 25 years ago , the firm currently employs more than 250 people at its offices in Dublin , Cork , Waterford and Kildare . Irish broadcaster RTÃ‰ said the company planned to recruit another 100 staff this year in its largest expansion to date . Half the jobs will be in Dublin .	An Irish technology company is planning to create 100 jobs across its four bases in the Republic of Ireland .
The 23-year-old comes in as cover for Wigan loanee Dan Lavercombe , who is likely to be out for three weeks after suffering a groin injury in the 0-0 draw against Braintree on Tuesday . Moore has yet to make his debut for the Cod Army , having signed for the club in February last year . He will be available for Torquay 's trip to Aldershot on Saturday . Torquay 's other two goalkeepers , Grant Fisher or Scott Corderoy , are on non-contract deals after arriving from local non-league sides and neither has played a first-team game for the Gulls .	Torquay United have signed Fleetwood Town 's American goalkeeper Brendan Moore on a month 's loan .
Soni Sori said men on a motorcycle had stopped her car , forced her to get out and thrown liquid on her face . Doctors told police it was not acid . `` The liquid caused a burning sensation and I am still unable to see , '' Ms Sori told BBC Hindi from hospital . She is a member of Delhi 's governing Aam Aadmi Party . Ms Sori is an outspoken critic of police violence towards tribespeople in Chhattisgarh , which is facing a Maoist insurgency . She was arrested in 2011 on charges of being a courier for the Maoists and has alleged she was tortured and sexually assaulted by Chhattisgarh police during her imprisonment . More recently she has alleged harassment by government officials in the area . Chhattisgarh police official Kamlochan Kashyap told BBC Hindi an investigation had been launched into the latest attack .	A prominent Indian tribal rights activist has been attacked with a chemical substance in the central Indian state of Chhattisgarh .
The event is being staged on Saturday 2 May over a challenging 75-kilometre single lap course across the region . Organisers said the route included `` some of the best trails the Scottish Borders has to offer '' . The winners in the male and female classes will claim the red , white and blue British national championship winners jerseys .	Up to 100 elite riders are set to descend on Selkirk for the British Mountain Bike Marathon Championships .
The world number 10 lost the first set to American Vania King , ranked 77th , and trailed 3-1 in the second . But she regained her composure to beat her opponent 1-6 6-3 6-2 . Konta , who is the third seed at the event , will face either Kristyna Pliskova or qualifier Kai-Chen Chang in the last eight . Meanwhile , fellow Briton Naomi Broady will have to wait until Wednesday to start her campaign at the ASB Classic in Auckland because of bad weather . Broady , who is 90th in the world , had been due to face Danka Kovinic of Montenegro , ranked 20 places above her , but persistent rain ended Tuesday 's play early .	British number one Johanna Konta recovered from a slow start to reach the quarter-finals of the Shenzhen Open in China .
The Irish sprinter clocked 21.86 seconds on Monday night with Poland 's Mateusz Michalski second in 22.19 . Smyth was back in action at the London Stadium a day after securing a fourth world title in the T13 100m . Meanwhile , Ballyclare 's James Hamilton finished sixth in the T20 1500m final in a season 's best of 4:01.78 . The Great Britain runner was over eight seconds behind winner Michael Brannigan of the United States . Smyth will race for 200m gold in Tuesday night 's final . The visually-impaired athlete from County Londonderry was a double Paralympic gold medallist at the same stadium in 2012 . Smyth is unbeaten at Paralympic level since beginning his international career at the 2005 European Championships . Meanwhile , Ballyclare 's James Hamilton will compete in the T20 1500m final later on Monday night .	Jason Smyth enjoyed a comfortable passage to the T13 200m final at the World Para-athletics Championships by cruising to a heat win in London .
Bedfordshire PCs Robin Denton , Matthew Neild , Todd Mills and Deanna Waite were found to have `` discussed a sensitive allegation '' , breaching professional standards . PC Neild was also found to have breached confidentiality standards . The breaches were upheld after a two-day hearing in Newport Pagnell , Bucks . Chief constable Jon Boutcher said further details regarding their wrongdoing were restricted because of an ongoing legal case . Updates on this story and other Bedfordshire news	Four police officers have been dismissed for gross misconduct for showing `` disrespect '' to a young female victim of crime .
Shelvey was sent off for violent conduct following a first-half clash with Forest 's Henri Lansbury . Dummett was later deemed to have denied a clear goalscoring opportunity . The incidents resulted in penalties for Forest , both of which were saved by Newcastle goalkeeper Karl Darlow . However , the league leaders went on to lose the match 2-1 . England midfielder Shelvey and Wales full-back Dummett will now be available for Saturday 's home game against Birmingham City .	Newcastle pair Paul Dummett and Jonjo Shelvey have had suspensions withdrawn after winning appeals against their red cards in Friday 's 2-1 Championship defeat at Nottingham Forest .
Gilmore is a former top NI youth sailor from Strangford Lough Yacht Club . McGovern partnered fellow Northern Ireland sailor Ryan Seaton in the 2012 and 2016 Olympics . Seaton and his new partner Séafra Guilfoyle will compete against McGovern and Gilmore to represent Ireland in the 49er class in Tokyo . Bangor man McGovern and Seaton ended their 49er partnership after finishing 10th at the Rio Olympics last summer . `` The new partnership has added a new freshness to the sport I love , '' said McGovern . `` Our 2017 goal is to get a good grip on the boat and put in a strong performance at the World Championships at the end of August to give us a platform to move on to and qualify the nation at the subsequent Worlds in 2018 . ''	Two-time Olympian Matt McGovern will bid to make the 2020 Games in Tokyo alongside new sailing partner Robbie Gilmore .
At the end of trade , the FTSE 100 was down 1.97 points at 6,165.80 . Shares in fashion group Burberry slid 2.71 % to 1112p after it reported a fall in full-year profits and said profits this year would be at the low end of forecasts . Burberry said it expected `` the challenging environment for the luxury sector to continue in the near term '' . Mining shares were hit by a fall in copper prices as the value of the US dollar recovered . Anglo American fell 3.59 % and Glencore dropped 2.60 % . On the currency markets , the pound jumped after a poll for London 's Evening Standard newspaper suggested a big lead for the Remain camp ahead of the EU referendum vote . Sterling rose 1.04 % against the dollar to $ 1.4613 , and was up 1.41 % against the euro at â‚¬1.2964 .	( Close ) : The London market closed lower , with mining companies and fashion group Burberry among the biggest fallers .
The 32-year-old hurt his groin in the derby against Derby County in September and a scan has revealed the damage is more serious than first feared . Reid has said the best-case scenario could see him return in eight weeks , but it could be as long as 12 weeks . `` I 'm gutted but all I can do now is be as positive as I can and work as hard as I can to come back stronger , '' he told the Nottingham Evening Post . Earlier this week Reds defender Jack Hobbs was ruled out until Christmas because of an ankle injury .	Nottingham Forest midfielder Andy Reid could be out of action until January .
Police issued a CCTV image of a suspect following the incident on Sunday 25 September . A report has been submitted to the procurator fiscal and the 21-year-old will appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court at a later date . Aberdeen won the Scottish Premiership match 2-1 . A mounted unit and police dogs were deployed at the match , which was the first at Pittodrie since Rangers were promoted to the SPL .	A man from Dundee has been charged after another man was struck by two seats during an Aberdeen match against Rangers at Pittodrie .
They claimed the local authority had a `` moral duty '' to spend the money needed to retain Haulfre in Llangoed . Anglesey council has started a consultation on its future , amid concern about the building 's condition . Residents at the meeting on Friday were told the council will make a final decision in October . A report to councillors highlighted a detailed fire risk assessment , commissioned by the county council , which found a number of serious deficiencies within the building . It is home to 18 residents . Anglesey council 's community director Gwen Carrington said : `` It 's acknowledged that there has been under-investment over the years . `` The overall assessment is that the current facilities are not suitable and that it will become more and more difficult to ensure safe care within the building . `` Our priority , first and foremost , must be to ensure safe and appropriate care of Haulfre 's residents and the staff who look after them . ''	Around 150 people attended a meeting to discuss the future of a residential home as part of a review of council-run care for older people at Anglesey .
The bad weather reduced Sussex 's innings to 45 overs and after slipping to 100-5 , Chris Jordan ( 55 ) and David Wiese ( 41 ) pushed them to 239 all out . Chasing 235 in 43 overs , Surrey eased home despite a mid-innings wobble . Rory Burns made 70 not out and Ben Foakes an unbeaten 61 as Surrey reached 235-4 with nearly 10 overs to spare . Jason Roy ( 32 ) and Steven Davies ( 36 ) had put on 65 for the first wicket to give Surrey a solid start , but both fell to George Garton ( 2-66 ) . Ajmal Shahzad ( 2-34 ) got rid of Kumar Sangakkara ( 20 ) and Zafar Ansari for a golden duck as the home side slipped to 99-4 . But an unbroken fifth-wicket stand of 136 in 111 balls between Burns and Foakes ended Surrey 's run of two successive defeats in the South Group . Sussex sit second from bottom with one win from four games .	Surrey picked up their first win of the season in the One-Day Cup as they beat Sussex by six wickets in a rain-affected match at Guildford .
Do you know somebody with a stack of Vacher 's Quarterly proudly on their shelf ? Are you the kind of friend who can recite swing percentages when discussing polls ? What question would you put to somebody else to test their polling day trivia ? Jeremy Vine has already set tt five questions , with the answers available here , but do you have a question for Jeremy ? We will be posting your questions on Twitter , and putting them to Jeremy Vine , to sort the ballot savants from the referendum pretenders . If you have an election brain-teaser , email it to haveyoursay @ bbc.co.uk , send it to us on WhatsApp +44 ( 0 ) 7525 900971 or follow us on Twitter and post your question using # bbcelectiongeek	BBC News is looking for the biggest amateur general election nerd .
The 25-year-old centre-back had only scored six career league goals before joining the Pilgrims last July . Asked if he could reach double figures , Bradley told BBC Radio Devon : `` It 's possible - I do n't see why not . `` There are seven games to go , [ so ] maybe one more brace and a late one last game of the season - who knows . '' Only forwards Graham Carey and Jake Jervis have scored more for League Two Plymouth , who are in second place . All of Bradley 's goals have been headers , with the winner at Doncaster on Sunday his sixth away from home . `` I do n't know where the ( celebration ) knee slide came from . I felt my hamstring straight after it , I thought 'why have you done that ' , '' he joked . `` It 's a great feeling , and when you get that feeling you want it again , again and again . `` I think if we keep working on it and the deliveries keep coming in like they are , I see no reason why I ca n't score more . ''	Plymouth Argyle defender Sonny Bradley says he can reach 10 league goals this season , after scoring his seventh of the campaign in their win at Doncaster .
The 36-year old was reported missing on 17 March after his dog Max was linked to an incident in which three sheep were killed . A member of the public reported seeing a man matching Jason 's description near the Abriachan woodlands car park , on the Great Glen Way , on Sunday . A jacket found near to where the dog was found has been identified as his . Police have appealed to anyone who was in the area on Sunday and may have seen the man to contact them . Mr Gates has been described as 6ft 3in , of slim build . He has short grey hair and stubble . It is not known what clothes he was wearing but he was often known to wear black jeans , a T-shirt , and a black padded jacket or a tweed jacket . He was last seen in the Drumnadrochit area . The area was busy with families and walkers at the time , and police are asking anyone who was there and may have seen him to get in touch . They have also asked residents to check outbuildings , sheds and holiday homes .	A possible sighting of missing Hampshire man Jason Gates is being investigated by police .
Football 's rule-makers want video referees in place as soon as possible and Fifa president Gianni Infantino wants the system ready for the 2018 World Cup . But is it conclusive ? Does it actually work ? Take a look at this decision in the Uruguay v Venezuela semi-final on Wednesday and let us know what you think . If you are viewing this page on the BBC News app please click here to vote . Tottenham winger Josh Onomah was given an odd red card in England 's quarter-final victory over Mexico when attempting to dribble past an opponent , for which the video referee was not used . Earlier in the tournament , an Italian player was dismissed after the video assistant referee intervened , while in the opening game , Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez was sent off for elbowing an England player , which the referee initially missed .	The Under-20 World Cup in South Korea is the latest tournament to trial video assistant referees ( Var ) - and it has seen a number of controversial decisions .
A 91-year-old woman has a head injury and a 72-year-old woman has a serious leg injury following the crash on Scoonie Road in Leven just before 09:30 . It is understood a Honda Civic hit a parked Ford B-Max , which then crashed into the pedestrians and the wall . The 35-year-old driver of the Honda is in hospital with minor injuries . The Scottish Ambulance Service took the three women to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy . Their injuries are not thought to be life threatening . Nobody was in the parked car .	Two elderly pedestrians are in hospital after being hit by a car that ploughed into a wall in Fife .
South Wales Police traced Kristian Dee Evans back to the crime in Rodney Street , home of a student from Hong Kong , through DNA on the snack . Items including the 22-year-old victim 's packed suitcases containing her clothes and shoes were taken Evans , 33 , from Gorseinon , has been jailed for three years after pleading guilty at Swansea Crown Court . Det Insp Trudi Meyrick said police forensically examined the snack , which had been taken from the kitchen , half-eaten and left on the floor . `` Forensic technology is an important way of catching [ a ] burglary suspect and in this case has resulted in us putting the suspect before the court to receive a prison sentence , '' she said .	A burglar from Swansea was caught after leaving behind a half-eaten piece of beef jerky .
West Yorkshire Police said the body of a woman in her 20s was found in a house in Holker Street , Manningham . Officers said she had suffered stab wounds and that they were looking for a man in connection with her death . It is being treated as a `` domestic related incident '' , they added . Reports suggest the woman was pregnant but police have not confirmed this . Det Ch Insp Jim Dunkerley said : `` The body of a woman was found by police and paramedics inside a property on Holker Street . She had suffered fatal stab wounds . '' He said the death would `` understandably cause a considerable amount of distress '' in the community , adding : `` To reassure local people we have increased patrols by neighbourhood officers in the area and I do not believe there is any wider danger to members of the public . ''	A murder inquiry has been started after the body of a woman was found at a house in Bradford , police have said .
The banking giant said it had told its 230 employees in Forth Valley that the service was moving to Edinburgh and Asia . About 100 jobs will be relocated to Edinburgh , while 70 IT roles will move to India , China and Poland . The move is part of a review of office space and part of the bank 's programme to cut costs by the end of next year . HSBC , which employs 3,700 people in Scotland , said 26 people would be retained at a smaller office in Stirling . John Hackett , chief operating officer at the bank said : `` As a global organisation , we constantly review roles to make sure they are in the right location . `` We will do all we can to support our colleagues through these changes , which will take place by the end of 2017 . ''	An HSBC technology centre in Stirling is to close with the loss of nearly 90 jobs .
There has been speculation since the star told a concert crowd he would have voted for Mr Trump - if he had voted - and then turned up at Trump Tower . But Tom Barrack , the Presidential Inaugural Committee chair , told CNN the ceremony is `` not the venue '' for West . He said the rapper is `` a great guy '' but `` we have n't asked him '' . Mr Barrack said : `` He considers himself a friend of the president-elect , but it 's not the venue . `` The venue we have for entertainment is filled out , it 's perfect , it 's going to be typically and traditionally American , and Kanye is a great guy but we just have n't asked him to perform . We move on with our agenda . '' Who 's performing at Trump 's big day ? Follow us on Facebook , on Twitter @ BBCNewsEnts , or on Instagram at bbcnewsents . If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news @ bbc.co.uk .	Kanye West was not asked to perform at Donald Trump 's inauguration , which will be a `` traditionally American '' event , the chief organiser has said .
Christopher McNerlin , from Stratford-upon-Avon , was on flight BA0104 on Friday when he was bitten on the arm . The Metropolitan Police said a 21-year-old man had been arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and being drunk on board an aircraft . Mr McNerlin was permitted to sit in the cockpit as thanks for his efforts . He later posted pictures of the bite mark to social media , along with one of himself giving the `` thumbs up '' as he sat in the cockpit . Read more news for Coventry and Warwickshire He wrote : `` That time when you help restrain and handcuff a nutter at 40,000ft . `` He bites you , but it 's all OK because Captain Kendal lets you sit in the cockpit . '' British Airways thanked Mr McNerlin for his help and said the matter was being dealt with by the police . The Met said the arrested man had been bailed till late May and confirmed the injured passenger received medical assistance for a minor injury .	A man needed hospital treatment after being bitten while helping crew members subdue a passenger on a British Airways flight from Dubai to Heathrow .
The situation at Alness Academy in Alness means swimming lessons at its pool that day have also been cancelled . Pupils from Bridgend , Coulhill , Ardross , Cromarty , Obsdale , Newmore and South Lodge were due to have lessons . Highland Council said the pool would be open to the public on Friday evening . The contractors will spray a treatment on all floors of the school .	A secondary school in the Highlands is to be closed to pupils and staff on Friday to allow contractors to deal with a `` mild flea infestation '' .
The man 's body was found at a property in Chapelton at about 11:30 on Thursday . Officers are carrying out inquiries to identify the man and to establish the circumstances surrounding his death . Police are treating the death as unexplained . It is understood that forensic officers have been working at the scene . A Police Scotland spokesman said : `` A post-mortem examination will be carried out in due course to establish the exact cause of death . `` The death is being treated as unexplained and police inquiries are ongoing into the death and to establish the man 's identity . ''	A police investigation is under way following the discovery of a body in a South Lanarkshire village .
He is being questioned by police . The stadium was hosting the Irish Cup semi-final on Saturday afternoon , between home side Linfield and Lurgan Celtic .	A 16-year-old boy has been arrested at Windsor Park in south Belfast on suspicion of possession of a firework or flare .
Christiansen , 28 , topped the standings in her Grade Ia category in Deauville . She won in both the individual and the freestyle events on her horse , Athene . Wells , 25 , filled the first two spots in the Grade IV individual with Valerius and Fatal Attraction and then claimed freestyle success on Valerius . Christiansen , who is hoping to add to her five Paralympic titles in Rio this summer , claimed impressive scores of 75.739 and 77.150 There was also a strong performance in the event from 67-year-old Anne Dunham who finished third behind Christiansen in the individual event and was freestyle runner-up . Deb Criddle took bronze in the Grade III freestyle , after just missing out on a medal in her individual competition , while the GB quartet also won team gold .	Paralympic gold medallists Sophie Christiansen and Sophie Wells started their international seasons with success at the International Para-dressage competition in France .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 25 November 2014 Last updated at 00:02 GMT Back in 2011 , he teamed up with a friend to start Heel The World - a high-end shoemaking company based in Accra , Ghana . He gave up his banking job one year later to dedicate himself fully in his new ambitious venture . The young entrepreneur wants to prove that quality shoes can be made in his country . Heel The World , which currently has 13 full-time employees , has built a website to take orders and relies heavily on social media for marketing .	Fred Deegbe is a former banker who decided to take on the world 's leading shoe brands .
Claire Lewis , from Tonypandy , saw what she thought was a small snake trapped in the packaging of a chocolate cake from Asda . It was later confirmed to be a slow worm - a limbless lizard . The supermarket has apologised and sent Ms Lewis a `` goodwill '' gift voucher , which she will donate to her local food bank . `` It scared me before I knew it was a harmless slow worm , '' said Ms Lewis . `` They 're very snake-like . '' Ms Lewis released it into her garden . `` Sadly the cake and the bag 's other contents went in to the bin ... but the slow worm was free to live another day , '' she said . Asda refunded Ms Lewis Â£6 for the contents of her shopping bag and sent her a Â£30 gift voucher . An Asda spokeswoman said : `` We 're really sorry that there was an unexpected visitor tagging along with Ms Lewis ' home shopping . `` We have given Ms Lewis a refund and have offered a gesture of goodwill to go some way towards making up for any upset caused . ''	A cake maker from Rhondda Cynon Taff found an unexpected visitor in her home shopping delivery .
Switzerland 's 18-time major winner , 35 , beat his 33-year-old German opponent , the defending champion and world number 134 , 6-3 6-4 . World number five Federer will face Russian 21-year-old Karen Khachanov , the world number 38 , in the next round . The other semi-final will be between Richard Gasquet and Roberto Bautista Agut or Alexander Zverev . After losing to 39-year-old Tommy Haas in his first match in two months at the Stuttgart Open earlier in June , Federer is yet to drop a set at Halle , where he is bidding for a ninth title . The seven-time Wimbledon champion has won three titles so far this season , including the Australian Open - his first Grand Slam success in five years . Federer also won the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells in March and , two weeks later , the Miami Open . In May , he announced he would be missing the French Open and the rest of the clay-court season to concentrate on the grass and hard-court seasons .	Roger Federer beat Florian Mayer to reach the semi-finals of the Gerry Weber Open in Halle , Germany .
Officers also found an AK47-style assault rifle after they were called to reports of a fight in East Street , Bromley , at about 04:30 GMT . Up to 10 men were involved in the brawl which was spotted by CCTV operators , who traced a man to a Bromley address . Two men , aged 32 and 41 , were arrested on suspicion of firearms offences . Officers said the three weapons found at the property were not capable of firing and were decommissioned . In a statement , the Met Police said : `` The group fighting had dispersed upon arrival of officers at the scene but using CCTV , the man with the suspected firearm was traced to a nearby address in Market Square , Bromley . `` Although the weapons were not capable of firing , the presence of firearms in a public place causes panic and fear of violence . ''	Two men have been arrested after police seized a World War Two machine gun and a rocket launcher following a street fight in south east London .
9 November 2015 Last updated at 07:31 GMT Well that 's exactly what 11 year old Jonny was asked to do , so he accepted the challenge . His comic , The Crystal Orb , has been published in The Phoenix Comic 's 200th anniversary issue . Jonny is 11 years old , he loves reading The Dandy , writing and making plasticine and clay characters . Newsround went along to meet him .	Can you imagine being able to write your own comic strip ?
Tulsa police said the death occurred inside a mobile home park near suburban Sand Springs on Wednesday . The park was nearly destroyed in the storm . `` It could have been much worse , '' Sheriff 's Capt Billy McKinley said . It was unclear whether the damage was caused by the tornado or just high winds . Mr McKinley said the exact number of people hurt was not known . Tornadoes were seen elsewhere in Oklahoma , as well as in Arkansas , but no injuries were reported from those . Until Tuesday , when a waterspout formed over an Arkansas lake , the US had not had a tornado in more than a month , marking a slow start to the season . Typically more than 100 twisters are recorded in the US by this time each year , but as of last week only two dozen had been reported .	At least one person has been killed and several others were injured after a tornado roared through Tulsa , Oklahoma .
It has been drawn up following the death of 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne , who was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at Cults Academy . The council strategy has a number of aims , including raising awareness of the dangers of weapons . Pupils , including some of primary school age , would be told about the consequences of carrying weapons . And staff would be given clarity on how and when to search children . The strategy , due to be approved in the next few days , could also see street workers deployed in so-called `` hot spots '' of anti-social behaviour , in a bid to engage with children . An independent review into the death of Bailey in October last year found his death was `` potentially avoidable '' if teachers had known his attacker carried a knife . The review , conducted by child welfare professional Andrew Lowe , made 21 recommendations . The schoolboy 's killer is serving nine years detention for culpable homicide .	A strategy aimed at preventing knives and weapons getting into Aberdeen schools will soon be approved .
It said Tian Tian 's hormone levels have returned to normal and a reabsorption of the foetus may have occurred . The zoo said data gathered since conception took place indicated she was expecting and likely to carry to full term but this did not happen . Tian Tian is said to be in good health and the outdoor viewing area of her enclosure has reopened to the public . Iain Valentine , director of giant pandas for the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland , said : `` Tian Tian 's hormone levels have now returned to normal , so we can confirm that she is no longer pregnant . `` Panda reproduction and biology is complex , all data gathered since conception took place pointed to a pregnant panda likely to carry to full term , sadly this did not happen . `` There is no evidence she has had a miscarriage , so late reabsorption of the foetus could have occurred . `` Although Tian Tian has not successfully given birth , it is important for her individual biology as a female giant panda and for the future of giant panda conservation across the globe that we tried . `` We will also be reviewing all our data and procedures from this year and last . ''	Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed its female giant panda is no longer pregnant , having warned something was `` amiss '' .
The portfolio includes about 20 newspapers in Scotland . They include the Greenock Telegraph , the Dunfermline Press , the East Lothian Courier , the Alloa Advertiser and the Border Telegraph . It also has some titles in south-east England and one in Northern Ireland . Romanes originated with the Dunfermline Press , which was founded by the Romanes family in 1859 . Newsquest chief executive Henry Faure Walker said : `` Newsquest is focused on building one of the leading local multi-media publishing businesses in the UK , and I am delighted to welcome Romanes Media Group to the company . `` We operate in separate markets but this portfolio of good quality weekly titles provides a strong fit with plenty of opportunity . ''	Herald and Evening Times owner Newsquest has gained about 30 new titles after buying local newspaper publisher Romanes Media Group for an undisclosed sum .
The county council started demolishing the maisonettes in Flint in 2012 as part of its masterplan to unlock space . A community consultation highlighted the `` poor physical appearance '' of the grey brick 1970s homes and the need to make the town `` better connected '' . A 3D model goes on show on Monday revealing the new proposals . A council spokesperson said : `` The proposals aim to develop Flint as a viable and attractive town that better serves the needs of the existing community and also has the ability to attract people from outside the town . '' The plans can be viewed at the Old Court House between noon and 19:00 GMT .	Plans for the redevelopment of a Flintshire town centre show a new layout of houses , roads , public spaces and buildings .
The blast at a two-storey house in Wiggin Street , Edgbaston , Birmingham happened at about 12:20 BST . A neighbour told the BBC she saw a man run out from the wreckage screaming . A man , thought to be in his late 30s , made his own way to City Hospital but his burns were so severe he was taken to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital , West Midlands Ambulance Service said . More updates on the blast and news from Birmingham . A woman was checked at the scene and was uninjured . Next door neighbour Tracy Clayton was at home with her husband Bilal Azhar when they felt a `` huge explosion '' . `` The neighbour next door to us whose house was blown up , he ran out screaming , '' she said . `` I think he was on fire or hurt . '' She added : `` Everything fell on top of us . The roof gave in . There was just smoke everywhere , bricks flying . `` I switched my electric off and thought about my cat and did not know where it was but she was unharmed thank God . '' West Midlands Police said a small number of homes had been evacuated as a precaution . `` Investigations at the scene are likely to be suspended once it gets dark , then continue tomorrow , '' said West Midlands Fire Service .	A suspected gas explosion has blown the roof off a house while a man and woman were inside .
The bus was carrying at least 50 people , most of them members of Argentina 's border police , when it came off the road and fell about 20m ( 65ft ) into a riverbed . Emergency workers are trying to free a number of trapped passengers . They said that so far , six passengers had been rescued from the wreck . The bus came off the road at about 02:00 local time ( 05:00 GMT ) near the town of Rosario de la Frontera in Salta province , police officials said . It was one of three police buses travelling on national highway 34 . A local police statement said there were indications that one of the bus 's tyres had burst and caused the driver to lose control of the vehicle . Speaking at a public event , President Mauricio Macri , expressed his condolences .	At least 41 people , most of them police officers , have been killed after a bus fell off a bridge in north-west Argentina , officials say .
It is thought they had been in a dinghy and returning to their yacht after visiting the Hotel Eilean Iarmain in Isleornsay . An emergency call was made at 01:20 when they failed to arrive . Coastguard rescue teams from Kyle of Lochalsh , Portree and Broadford were called out . The Mallaig lifeboat was launched as part of the search . A coastguard spokesman said : `` We recovered two casualties from the water . `` It appears to be two males and we suspect they had capsized . '' The men were taken by lifeboat to Mallaig where they were transferred to an ambulance and transported to Belford Hospital in Fort William .	Two men have been rescued from the sea after their boat capsized off the Isle of Skye .
The 33-year-old joined the Championship side in October and has missed just one game since for the Channel Islanders . Simon Kerrod , Fautua Otto and prop Sean McCarthy have also penned new deals . `` Uili has been increasingly influential since his arrival and I believe he 'll be an important member of next season 's squad , '' said head coach Harvey Biljon . Jersey currently sit fifth in the second tier and now have 18 players signed on for next season .	Tonga international number eight Uili Kolo'ofa ' i has signed a new contract with Jersey for next season , along with three other players .
The Scottish government said the Croft House Grant would entitle each crofters to funding of up to £38,000 . The money is being spread across crofts in the Highlands , Western Isles , Northern Isles and Argyll . Ministers said the funding would allow them to build or improve homes , helping to retain and attract people to rural communities . Cabinet Secretary for the Rural Economy Fergus Ewing said 21 crofters would receive the funding . He said : `` Good quality housing is essential for crofters . We need to draw people to Scotland 's most remote and rural communities and the Croft House Grant can do that . `` Upgrading or building new properties can help crofters fulfil their duty to live on or close to their croft and can help them undertake additional agricultural activity . '' Funding will be made available to crofters in Caithness , Inverness-shire , Lewis , Skye , Islay , North Uist , , Ross-shire , Shetland and Sutherland .	More than 20 crofters are to share a £705,000 grant to improve their housing .
The event sees hot-air balloons light up their burners in time to music . This year 's glow also featured a musical tribute to the late Chester Bennington from the band Linkin Park , who died recently . An earlier mass ascent of hot-air balloons was cancelled because of high winds but organisers are hopeful for launches on Sunday .	Thousands of people have attended the annual night glow at the Bristol International Balloon Fiesta .
Noirín O'Sullivan said it was `` a matter of public record '' that her husband Jim McGowan was a detective superintendent . `` Any role that he carries out in ( Irish police service ) An Garda Síochána is in that capacity , '' she said . She rejected any suggestion that journalists ' phones were monitored . A Garda superintendent has been questioned as part of the investigation into how the media learned that two Roma children had been taken from their parents amid concerns they had been abducted . The children were later returned to their families . The investigation began last year following a report by the former children 's ombudsman Emily Logan . It was reported in May that the officer was the most senior Garda officer ever to have been arrested as part of a criminal investigation .	The head of the Republic of Ireland 's police has defended the appointment of her husband to a criminal investigation into alleged police leaks to journalists .
The 31-year-old all-rounder will be available for six matches , of which four are in the One-Day Cup and two are in the County Championship . Gidman has spent time on the sidelines with an ankle injury this season but has recently returned to action for Nottinghamshire 's second XI . He has taken 198 wickets at an average of 23.48 in his first-class career and averages 37.06 with the bat . `` He will bolster our resources and I 'm sure he will do a great job , '' Kent skipper Sam Northeast said . `` He is hungry to play and we hope he will come into the side and buy into what the team is all about . ''	Kent have signed Nottinghamshire 's Will Gidman on a one-month loan deal .
The six-week A3290/A329M Loddon Viaduct project will see new bridge joints and safety barriers put up , as well as a resurfaced carriageway . Lanes on the Reading-bound stretch of the A3290 at Winnersh have been closed . Commuter Andrea Gaynor said her usual 35-minute journey to work now took up to two hours or more . `` It took me almost two-and-a-half hours one night . I was at Winnersh for one-hour-and-fifty minutes just trying to get off [ the carriageway ] , along with thousands of other drivers '' , she said . `` Road rage is an issue and people have been swapping lanes and causing chaos . How people did n't hit each other I do not know . '' Wokingham Borough Council said recent queues were due to crashes and problems elsewhere , but said it had since taken action to stop people crossing lanes in the wrong place . Councillor Malcolm Richards , executive member for highways at the authority , said : `` This work has to be done and will make the viaduct safer , quieter and easier to maintain . '' The project is expected to be completed in September .	Drivers have been getting stuck in major delays near Reading as the final phase of roadworks get under way as part of a £1m redevelopment .
This brings to an end the so-called `` Maxwellisation '' process that was partly causing the report 's delay . In a letter to the Foreign Affairs Committee , Sir John said he would write to David Cameron to set out a timetable for publication `` as soon as I am able '' . The PM 's spokesman said Mr Cameron was keen to see it `` as soon as possible '' . In his letter , Sir John - who began his work in 2009 - said there was `` inevitably , further work for my colleagues and I to do to evaluate those submissions , which are detailed and substantial , in order to establish with confidence the time needed to complete the inquiry 's remaining work '' . Conservative MP David Davis said Sir John 's latest announcement was `` mixed news '' . He said it was `` hard to see why it should take very much longer to conclude the report '' and he added that he would have `` expected a timetable within this calendar year and if not , why ? `` .	Iraq Inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot says he has received the last of the outstanding responses to his findings from those facing criticism .
Checkout staff at Tesco in Forres have been trained to identify any special needs of customers and operate at a speed that suits them . Tesco has developed the scheme with Alzheimer Scotland . The store 's Kerry Speed said : `` We want them to be confident they can shop at their own pace . '' She added : `` It was highlighted to me that people living with dementia can feel under pressure when they reach the checkout , and it struck me that this could be true for others as well . `` Early feedback from customers has been very positive . Although it 's a simple gesture , we hope this will make a difference . '' Wendy Menzies , of Alzheimer Scotland , said : `` We welcome this new pilot scheme which will help people with dementia to feel confident in continuing to shop independently in their local community for longer . '' The relaxed checkout pilot scheme operates on Tuesday and Wednesday mornings .	A supermarket in Moray has introduced a `` relaxed '' lane aimed at making life at the checkout less stressful for some of its more vulnerable customers .
The 57-year-old , who commands a huge following on social media , announced his departure by posting a blank , black image on Monday . `` Newspapers , as ever , suck all the joy out of everything , '' he wrote . `` Closing down . It was , briefly , fun . Bye . '' The actor , author and QI host has had an Instagram account since June 2013 and also uses Twitter . His time with Twitter , though , has seen several temporary silences , hiatuses and threats to stop using it . In 2009 he said he was considering giving up on the micro-blogging website because it contained `` too much aggression and unkindness '' . Fry is currently `` taking a holiday '' from Twitter , telling his `` dearest followers '' last month he would be `` away until May '' .	Broadcaster Stephen Fry has sworn off Instagram , saying he has been `` hounded off '' the photo-sharing service .
The 24-year-old says she has an `` ongoing intestinal issue '' that got progressively worse in Melbourne . She added she had been advised by doctors that playing could exacerbate the condition . `` This comes as a big disappointment to me and I regret not being able to play , '' she said . `` I have represented GB every time I have been asked to and fully intend to play again given the opportunity in the future . '' Captain Judy Murray and her team face Georgia and South Africa from Thursday in their bid to win promotion from Euro/Africa Zone Group 1 . `` While it 's obviously very disappointing , we still have a squad of players capable of winning through the group , '' Murray said . `` I have a couple of days to fill the fourth spot , and that gives two of our most promising teenagers Katie Swan and Freya Christie the chance to join Heather Watson and our doubles specialists Jocelyn Rae and Anna Smith in the team . '' Christie is ranked 395 , while 16-year-old Swan is 520 in the world .	Australian Open semi-finalist Johanna Konta has pulled out of the Great Britain team for this week 's Fed Cup in Israel because of illness .
Northamptonshire Police said the blue Peugeot 307 had been stationary on the inside lane of the northbound carriageway , between junctions 16 and 17 , for 15 minutes . The motorway was closed for seven hours following the crash , which also involved a green Scania HGV . The car driver , a man from Northampton , died as a result . He has not been named .	A car involved in a fatal crash on the M1 on Tuesday had broken down , police have said .
Kate Moss , Victoria Beckham and Bond star Naomie Harris attended the `` Savage Beauty '' show at London 's Victoria and Albert Museum . The organisers say they 've already sold 70,000 advance tickets to the exhibition - which runs to 2 August . McQueen was one of the UK 's top designers when he took his own life in 2010 , aged 40 . He grew up in east London . His dad drove a taxi driver and his mum , Joyce , was a social science teacher . She died from cancer just nine days before the designer killed himself . Follow @ BBCNewsbeat on Twitter , BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube	Stars turned out for the opening of an exhibition about the late British fashion designer Alexander McQueen .
Cricket South Africa says Bodi is the `` intermediary '' who was charged under its anti-corruption code in December . The India-born 37-year-old played two one-day internationals and a Twenty20 for the Proteas in 2007 . Bodi , who is yet to respond , is charged with `` contriving to fix , or otherwise improperly influence aspects of the 2015 Ram Slam T20 Challenge Series '' . A left-arm wrist-spinner , he is also remembered for his part in hastening Kevin Pietersen 's move to England . Bodi was selected by Natal at the expense of Pietersen in 2000 . The future England international credited that decision as being down to racial selection quotas in his native country .	Former South Africa player Gulam Bodi has been charged with match-fixing by the country 's national cricket body .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 26 March 2015 Last updated at 18:05 GMT An estimated three million people have fled their homes to escape attacks by the militant Islamist group Boko Haram . Many of these internally displaced people are not living in camps , but with relatives across the country , making it difficult for them to return home to vote . The BBC 's Abdullahi Kaura Abubakar reports from Kaduna .	Insecurity in north-eastern Nigeria has been high on the agenda as the country heads for elections .
The 28-year-old suffered serious injuries after he was assaulted by two men in Union Street at about 05:30 . He was taken to the city 's Royal Infirmary , where his condition was described as critical . The first man was about 6ft tall , of heavy build and had dark hair . He was wearing a grey T-shirt and dark jeans . The second man was described as being 5ft 9in tall , with short grey hair . He was wearing a brown bomber-style jacket and dark blue jeans . The attack happened between St Nicholas Street and Broad Street . Police appealed for anyone with information to contact them . Det Insp Norman Stevenson said : `` Whilst this happened in the early hours of the morning , I would appeal to anyone who saw it happen or any part of it , to come forward and tell us what they saw . ''	A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in Aberdeen in the early hours of the morning .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 3 October 2014 Last updated at 11:31 BST The fish-eaters have temporarily settled near Clifton Lakes in Rugby , where BBC Midlands Today 's David Gregory-Kumar spoke to the owner of the angling ponds , John Daleman .	Ospreys - a protected bird of prey usually found in Scotland - have been in Warwickshire for the past two weeks , en route to their winter home in Africa .
The Labour leader is still CND 's vice-president but has quit the Parliament role due to time pressure . Ms Lucas said she was `` proud '' to succeed Mr Corbyn , who had been `` a passionate and effective advocate for nuclear disarmament in Parliament '' . She was previously vice chairman of the group . `` There is a growing cross-party consensus on nuclear disarmament with the Labour Party leadership joining the Green Party , SNP and Plaid Cymru in opposition to renewing Trident , '' added the Brighton Pavilion MP . Labour is currently considering whether to ditch its longstanding commitment to replacing Britain 's Trident nuclear weapons as part of a defence policy review .	Green Party MP Caroline Lucas has taken over from Jeremy Corbyn as the chair of Parliament 's cross-party Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament ( CND ) group .
Seven soldiers died on Thursday when their patrol was hit near the Line of Control , the de facto border with Pakistan . Rescuers found four more bodies on Friday morning . In a separate incident , a nearby army post was buried by snow , killing three soldiers . Indian and Pakistani troops die in Kashmir avalanches most winters . Heavy snow has caused chaos across the region , blocking roads and railways . The two avalanches that killed the soldiers happened in the remote Gurez area . Seven soldiers were saved but army spokesman Colonel Rajesh Kalia told reporters that bad weather , including heavy snowfall , had hampered rescue efforts . The AFP news agency quoted him as saying that no one else was missing . On Wednesday , four members of the same family were also killed by snowfall in the same area . Last year , 10 Indian soldiers were killed in an avalanche on Siachen glacier , the world 's highest battlefield . One of them was rescued after being buried in snow for six days but later died in hospital .	At least 14 soldiers have been killed in avalanches in Indian-administered Kashmir , officials say .
He becomes the League Two new boys ' seventh signing of the summer by boss Mark Cooper since winning promotion from the National League in May . James , 22 , who began with Hartlepool , has also been on loan at Bradford City and last term at Bristol Rovers , where he failed to net in 30 appearances . `` I ca n't wait to get going . The style of play here suits the way I play , '' James told BBC Radio Gloucestershire . `` There were a couple interested but , when I sat down with the gaffer , it was a no brainer for me . `` There is a buzz around Forest Green . Hopefully we can push on and have an exciting season . `` Bristol last year was good for me and helped me get to know the area . That should help make settling in a lot quicker , as I really like the area . '' Rovers begin life in the EFL with a home game against Barnet on 5 August . Goalkeeper : Bradley Collins ( Chelsea - loan ) Defenders : Lee Collins ( Mansfield Town ) , Callum Evans ( Barnsley ) , Scott Laird ( Scunthorpe ) Midfielders : Reece Brown and Charlie Cooper ( Birmingham City ) Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page .	Forest Green have signed Peterborough striker Luke James on a two-year deal .
Sobhia Tabasim Khan , 37 , was found dead inside her home in Pear Tree Crescent , Normanton , at 21:50 BST on Saturday . Ataul Mustafa , 35 , of the same address , was arrested and is accused of her murder . Mr Mustafa appeared at Southern Derbyshire Magistrates ' Court on Monday and is due at Nottingham Crown Court on Wednesday .	A man has been charged with murdering a woman whose body was found at a house in Derby .
Esslemont and Macintosh - affectionately known simply as E & Ms - in Union Street closed in 2007 . Proposals could have seen the property converted into a 98-bedroom hotel , with a four-storey glass extension . The store , established in 1873 , closed with the loss of 100 jobs after receivers were called in .	Plans to transform a famous Aberdeen city centre department store into a hotel and restaurant have been withdrawn .
Tests were scheduled across India but those at Kamptee , Nagpur , Ahmednagar , Ahmedabad , Goa and Kirkee have now been delayed . More than 300 candidates are being questioned in connection with the leak , officials said . In addition , 18 other people have been arrested in Maharashtra and Goa states . An internal investigation has been ordered , army officials say . Some reports suggest tests at other centres are likely to be cancelled . Police said the students were allegedly given the question papers in advance by people connected to coaching institutes . The exams were for lower-level posts in the Indian army such as soldier-tradesman and soldier-clerk .	The Indian army has cancelled recruitment exams in six centres in the west of the country after question papers were reportedly leaked .
The 26-year-old had been playing through a problem with his groin before tearing the muscle in the goalless draw at Cambridge on 28 March . Skarz has appeared in 49 games for the U 's in all competitions this season . `` We knew the risk of a rupture happening but we were hoping we could manage the situation , '' manager Michael Appleton told the club website . `` It got to a stage against Cambridge where he was struggling to turn and that was when we knew he needed to get it looked at . ''	Oxford United left-back Joe Skarz will miss the rest of the season after suffering a ruptured groin muscle .
The day has finally arrived ! Euro 2016 is set to begin and Jenny is in Bordeaux , at the largest fan zone in France , where thousands of people are expected to watch the opening match between France and Romania on Friday evening . Leah is in Marseilles at the Stade Vélodrome where the lawnmowers are out and last minute preparations are underway .	Jenny and Leah are at the 2016 European Championship where they 're sending us all the latest news and backstage info from behind the scenes .
The 23-year-old has been handed a two-year contract at Dens Park . Dundee say Teijsse , who scored 31 goals this season , is a player they `` monitored closely from the beginning of the 2015-16 season '' . His twin , left-back Kenny , plays for Go Ahead Eagles , who defeated De Graafschap in their play-off to win promotion to the Dutch top flight . Having begun his senior career with Pancratius , Yordi Teijsse moved to VV Ter Leede before joining Quick Boys in 2014 . He becomes Dundee manager Paul Hartley 's third summer signing . Inverness Caledonian Thistle midfielders Danny Williams and James Vincent signed pre-contract deals earlier this year .	Dutch striker Yordi Teijsse has signed for Dundee after helping Quick Boys win the fourth tier in the Netherlands .
Prince , Princess and Coco are all under a year old and were taken from the home in Hallglen between 19:15 and 23:45 on Saturday . Owner Victoria Black returned from a night out to find the dogs gone , along with a three-figure sum of money and Christmas presents . Police Scotland said they were worried the thieves might try to sell the dogs . Prince is described as mainly black with tan and white patches on his stomach , Coco has short ginger hair and Princess has a long ginger coat . Appeals and pictures of the chihuahuas have been posted on dog websites and social media and their owner is offering a reward for their return . Ms Black posted on Facebook : `` These dogs are my babies and I 'm asking that if anyone can help with information in the recovery of my dogs there is a reward . Please help . '' Sgt Lyne Rushford said : `` We are obviously concerned for the dogs ' welfare and would be keen to speak to anyone who was in the area at the time , or who has information that can help us trace those responsible . `` We would also ask anyone offered these dogs for sale to get in touch with us straight away . ''	Three young chihuahuas have been stolen during a break-in at a house near Falkirk .
14 February 2017 Last updated at 23:20 GMT Vikas Pandey spoke to voters in Varanasi , the prime minister 's constituency .	Will India 's cash shortage - a result of the controversial decision to ban 500 and 1,000 rupee notes in a bid to curb corruption - affect the way people vote in local elections in Uttar Pradesh ?
Sevdet Besim , 19 , pleaded guilty in the Melbourne court to one charge of planning a terrorist act . Besim was not immediately sentenced but faces a maximum jail term of life . Court documents said he and a British accomplice also discussed using a kangaroo packed with explosives to attack police officers . They allegedly said they would paint the animal with symbol of the so-called Islamic State and set it loose . Prosecutors said Besim , who was arrested in a counter-terror raid , intended to carry out the attack at the Anzac Day ceremony in Melbourne in 2015 . The plot was uncovered when police in Britain found messages on the phone of a teenager in Blackburn . The boy , then 14 , became Britain 's youngest person convicted of terror offences when he was sentenced to life last year . He will serve at least five years . Besim , who has been in custody since his arrest last year , is scheduled to return to court in August for a pre-sentence hearing . Anzac Day on 25 April is a major holiday in Australia and New Zealand , commemorating the first major battle involving troops from both countries during World War One in Turkey 's Gallipoli .	An Australian teenager has pleaded guilty to plotting to run over and behead a police officer during Anzac Day commemorations .
The Save Fenton Town Hall action group moved in on 9 November after the Ministry of Justice ( MoJ ) put it on the market for Â£500,000 . They argued a sale of the building could put at risk a World War One memorial inside . The group had been due in court earlier after being served an MoJ eviction notice . Fenton resident Jane Jones , whose great grandfather is one of 498 names listed on the memorial as one of those who died in World War One , said : `` We 've achieved what we wanted to by bringing the Ministry of Justice to the table , now we 're saving the taxpayer money by not going to court . '' The MoJ said a covenant would make sure the memorial would be preserved . The protesters wanted the building , which was also once a magistrates ' court , to be used for exhibitions , meetings and businesses .	Campaigners who occupied a former town hall to try to stop it being sold have called off their month-long action .
Rovers will go down if they lose , Birmingham win and Nottingham Forest draw , or if they draw while Birmingham and Forest both win . Aston Villa have 19-goal top scorer Jonathan Kodjia available again after a one-match suspension . Gabby Agbonlahor , hero of Sunday 's derby win against Birmingham City , is again likely to start on the bench . Villa 's Wales international defender Neil Taylor is likely to be involved again after coming through last weekend too . BBC Radio Lancashire 's Andy Bayes Every match day seems to be the biggest of the season for Blackburn Rovers , the biggest game in years . This is no different . For the first time all season , Rovers ' status as a Championship club could be over , depending on the fortunes of Birmingham City and Nottingham Forest . To be more positive , a win and a Birmingham defeat would see them move out of the bottom three with a game remaining . Relegation was viewed as unthinkable for the club earlier this season . It could turn in to a reality if they fail to produce in front of the biggest home crowd at Ewood in the league this season .	Relegation-threatened Blackburn welcome back winger Connor Mahoney ( thigh ) for Saturday 's visit of Aston Villa .
Storms in December led to residents being evacuating and damaged several businesses . Community Foundation for Lancashire launched the appeal , with most online donations received when Storm Eva hit the county on Boxing Day . It said the response had been `` phenomenal '' . The total cost of the floods in Lancashire and neighbouring Cumbria is estimated to have run into hundreds of millions . The charity , which set up the Lancashire Flood Appeal , said they had received donations from across the UK including from Comic Relief , a national newspaper appeal and regional water firm United Utilities . Chief executive Cathy Elliott said the donations would help `` those in greatest need and vulnerable people affected by flooding , as well as new community-led work '' . So far , about £490,000 has been used for clean-up work , repairs to the homes of vulnerable people and on replacing items such as fridges and clothing , a charity spokesman said . Donations will also go toward supporting flood response groups in the future , he added . An event to thanks residents and donors will be held on Friday in Whalley , which has received the biggest number of the appeal 's grants so far .	An appeal to help people affected by flooding in Lancashire has raised £1m in four months after the government matched funded donations .
Crews were called to an area of land near Concraig Gardens , Kingswells , at about 10:30 on Saturday . Three fire appliances and two specialist forestry units were at the scene at the height of the incident , using jets to tackle the blaze . The fire was extinguished by about 18:20 .	A gorse wildfire that broke out to the west of Aberdeen has been extinguished after almost eight hours .
The hosts stormed into a 5-0 lead after 19 minutes with Colin Shields , Mike Radja , James Desmarais , Mike Forney and Matt Nickerson on target . David Rutherford pulled one back and Trevor Gerling gave the Scots hope by netting early in the second period . Rutherford made it 5-3 before Mike Wilson sealed the points for Belfast . Nottingham Panthers and Cardiff Devils both trail the Giants by three points but they have played fewer games . Belfast take on the Devils in Cardiff on Saturday night in a top-of-the table showdown before facing Dundee Stars at the SSE Arena on Sunday .	Belfast Giants have moved three points clear at the top of the Elite League thanks to a 6-3 victory over Edinburgh Capitals at the SSE Arena .
Russian Blue Twilight was found with slices to her abdomen so deep her organs were exposed , the RSPCA said . She was found collapsed near her home in Hungate Street , Aylsham . Her sister Midnight returned home with a severe limp and bleeding leg . RSPCA inspector Ben Kirby said : `` This is a shocking and horrific attack on two loved pets from the same family . '' Both cats were taken to the vets where it was discovered Twilight 's injuries were so severe she had to be put down . Midnight is recovering from the leg injury . Vets believe the wounds were inflicted with a knife or a blade . The RSCPA has just released details of the attack on 30 July . Insp Kirby added : `` The vets have said that Twilight 's wounds were the worst she had ever seen , the possibility that someone has done this deliberately is unthinkable . `` We are extremely keen to hear from anybody who might be able to lead us to who committed this awful attack . '' A Norfolk police spokesman confirmed they have been made aware of the attack and are investigating it .	A cat has been stabbed to death and another seriously injured in a `` deliberate '' knife attack .
The 44-year-old was part of the backroom set-up at Brentford , stepping up to the role of assistant to Lee Carsley in September until head coach Dean Smith was appointed last month . Williams initially joined the Bees in July 2015 . He played 195 games for the Rams and also made 199 appearances for Coventry City .	Former Derby County defender Paul Williams has been appointed as first-team coach at Nottingham Forest .
In October , ministers announced Wales ' 22 local authorities would be getting £146m less than this year . The total block grant - covering 60 % of council spending - would be cut by 3.4 % to £4.12bn , Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews said on Wednesday . Ceredigion faces the biggest cut at 4.5 % , and Neath Port Talbot the lowest with 2.4 % . Several councils have begun consultations with residents as they decide which services will face the brunt of the savings needed . Around 25 % of council spending is covered by specific grants , and most of the remaining 15 % by council tax , the Welsh government said .	Councils have had cuts in their final budget settlements for 2015/16 confirmed by the Welsh government .
Elizabeth Edwards , 49 , and her 13-year-old daughter Katie were found dead in Spalding in April . The 15-year-old denies murder , but has admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility , at Nottingham Crown Court . A boy , also 15 , has already pleaded guilty to murder . Neither teenager can be named because of their ages . Read more about this and other stories from across Lincolnshire On the second day of the trial a transcript of the girl 's police interview was read . She told officers she and her co-accused , who was 14 at the time , had planned the killing of Elizabeth and Katie Edwards in the days before their deaths on the evening of 13 April . She also said they had attempted to carry out the killings on two other occasions . The jury heard her tell police her co-accused had stabbed Ms Edwards in the neck and then smothered her before going into 13-year-old Katie 's room and stabbing her . The trial continues .	A girl accused of killing a mother and her daughter told police she and her co-accused had tried twice previously to kill them , a court heard .
A group smashed their way through the hotel 's entrance and stole watches and jewellery before fleeing on waiting mopeds on Thursday , police said . Brothers Reed Roberts , 23 , and Skye Roberts , 19 , both of Cubitt Street , are charged with robbery and possession with intent to supply a Class B drug . They appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates ' Court and were remanded in custody . Two men , aged 66 , and 27 , and a woman aged 46 , who were arrested in King 's Cross on Thursday over the robbery , have been bailed , Scotland Yard said . Police said they had recovered most of the items stolen in the raid . The hotel was targeted in another smash-and-grab raid , on 10 June , in what police called a `` well planned '' robbery . In that raid , a group of six people who had arrived on mopeds entered the hotel 's boutique and smashed jewellery and watch cabinets before taking some items and fleeing .	Two people have been charged in connection with a smash-and-grab robbery at London 's Dorchester hotel .
The White Park Cattle have been at Dinefwr , near Llandeilo , since 920 and were referenced in laws of Hywel Dda . But there are now 750 breeding heifers left in the world and the Carmarthenshire herd needs a new bull . The National Trust has started a campaign to keep the bloodline alive . Characterised by pure white coats and black noses and ears , the National Trust said the small number of breeding heifers made it rarer than the giant panda . It cited the World Wildlife Fund figure that there were 1,864 giant pandas left . There are 13 White Park Cattle at Dinefwr , but action is needed to stop that number dropping . `` After four years of distinguished service , the current bull , Strelley Bendigo , has maximized his potential within the herd , '' said Wyn Davies , who looks after them . `` A new male needs to enter the herd to preserve the bloodline and make sure the bulls bred on the land are true to species . '' The National Trust is trying to raise Â£36,000 to buy a new bull and cows .	A campaign has been launched to save a breed of cattle that has roamed a Carmarthenshire park for more than 1,000 years but is now said to be rarer than the giant panda .
Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , who is also the ruler of Dubai , said the minister would drive policy `` to create social good and satisfaction '' . A new post of minister of state for tolerance was also created . Sheikh Mohammed said several ministries would also be merged and unveiled plans to outsource most government services . `` Governments must be flexible . We do n't need more ministries , but more ministers capable of dealing with change , '' he said at the World Government Summit in Dubai on Monday . `` We want a young and flexible government that will fulfil our youth 's aspirations and achieve our people 's ambitions . '' The minister of state for tolerance would promote the virtue `` as a fundamental value in UAE society '' , Sheikh Mohammed tweeted . The prime minister also announced the creation of a UAE Youth National Council . The `` elite group of young men and women '' would advise the government on youth issues and be led by a female minister of state for youth no older than 22 , he said , adding : `` The energy of youth will fuel our government in future . ''	The prime minister of the United Arab Emirates has announced the creation of a minister of state for happiness , as part of a major government shake-up .
The 34-year-old helped The Exiles make an immediate return to the Premiership in his first season in charge . Technical director Brendan Venter and assistant coaches Declan Danaher and Paul Hodgson have also agreed new deals , having been appointed last July . `` We 're delighted the coaches have committed their long-term futures , '' chief executive Bob Casey said .	London Irish director of rugby Nick Kennedy has signed a new long-term contract with the club .
Authorities said no one has been arrested and they are looking for two `` persons of interest '' . The victims lived at the encampment , known as `` the jungle '' , south of downtown Seattle . One woman died at the scene and one man who was brought to a hospital in Seattle later died . Police believe it was `` very targeted , '' said Assistant Seattle Police Chief Bob Merner . Seattle mayor Ed Murray urged people to stay away from the area , calling it an active crime scene . Last November , Mr Murray declared a state of emergency regarding homelessness in Seattle and said he would pledge $ 7m ( Â£4.9m ) to the crisis . `` I ca n't help but wonder , did I act too late ? '' he said at a press briefing on Tuesday . He said the camp `` has been unmanageable and out of control for almost two decades '' . Police are interviewing witnesses and stayed in the area overnight . `` We are working furiously to identify a suspect , '' said Seattle police chief Kathleen O'Toole . Ms O'Toole said she does not believe anyone else is in danger .	Two people were killed and three injured in what police call a `` very targeted '' attack at a camp for homeless people in Seattle .
The value decreased by 0.8 % - or about Â£1,000 - to Â£124,000 in the first months of 2017 . The official calculation is made quarterly by the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency ( NISRA ) based on stamp duty data . The last time prices showed a fall between quarters was in early 2013 . The number of sales is also at its lowest point since 2013 . Apartments suffered the biggest recent slump in value ( -4.5 % ) , compared to semi-detached properties which stayed unchanged . In terms of council areas , Mid and East Antrim recorded a 3.1 % fall and Belfast 2.3 % . However , today 's prices overall are still up by 4.3 % on this time last year .	For the first time in four years , there has been a fall in the average residential property price in Northern Ireland .
Bronze medallist Tyrone Pillay says he was prevented from boarding an internal flight from Johannesburg to Durban as he made his way back from Brazil . On Twitter , the athlete called the airline `` disrespectful '' . South African Airways says he should have been allowed on board with the prosthesis and is investigating . `` Our policy makes provision for passenger assistive devices to be carried into the cabin , '' said airline spokesperson Tlali Tlali . `` Mr Pillay 's prosthetic legs fall under this classification and should have been allowed . '' He said Mr Pillay was unable to keep the prosthetic leg with him in the plane 's cabin , but it was unclear what had happened to it . `` We have offered an inconsistent service . He was allowed to board our flight from Sao Paulo to Johannesburg , so we want to establish from the staff member here exactly what happened , '' he added .	A South African Paralympic shot-putter has hit out at South African Airways for refusing to allow him to board with his prosthetic leg .
The event is being played over the East and West courses at the Royal Johannesburg and Kensington Golf Club . Walters had six birdies and an eagle in a seven-under 65 on the East Course , while Wall and Howell also had 65s but on the par-71 West course . Wales ' Rhys Davies and Stuart Manley both shot 66 and are two off the lead . Three players who finish in the top 10 at the European Tour event can secure places in this year 's Open Championship at Royal Troon , from 14-17 July . Former Ryder Cup winner Howell has already qualified for the Open .	England 's Anthony Wall and David Howell are among six players one shot behind first-round leader Justin Walters of South Africa at the Joburg Open .
Ezmai Martin was not breathing when she was found at a flat in Bordon , Hampshire , in June 2015 and later died . Her father , Joshua Martin , 19 , was cleared of murder but found guilty of manslaughter following a trial at Winchester Crown Court . The court heard the infant had apparently been `` deliberately shaken '' and suffered rib injuries . More on this and other stories from across the South of England . Her mother Jemma Pethybridge , 19 , returned from the bathroom after 20 minutes to find her baby lifeless and with `` milky vomit '' coming from her nose and mouth . Ezmai died after being transferred to St George 's Hospital in London the following day . A post mortem examination found she suffered a head injury which had caused a subdural haemorrhage and severe brain damage . Prosecutors said although no attack was witnessed , there was no other possibility than that Martin had caused Ezmai 's injuries . The court heard Martin `` trashed '' the flat while his partner and daughter were at the Royal Surrey County Hospital in Guildford , overturning furniture and pulling down curtains . Martin , of Salisbury Road , Alton , was sentenced to seven years custody in an young offenders ' institution with an extended licence period of 5 years .	A man has been detained for seven years for the manslaughter of his six-week-old daughter .
The top two sides in the world are not due to meet until the autumn of 2018 . However , the RFU are understood to be interested in a fixture between the two sides this November , despite the fact the fixture schedule has already been finalised . England will play Argentina , Australia and Samoa in the international window . The match could take place if various obstacles , such as the distribution of match-day revenues , can be overcome . Meanwhile the All Blacks are pencilled in to face the Barbarians on 4 November . `` We are playing New Zealand in 2018 , '' said an RFU spokesperson . `` If there is an opportunity for us to play NZ before then - ie this year - then we will pursue that opportunity . '' Eddie Jones ' men can surpass New Zealand 's record of 18 consecutive victories if they beat Ireland in the Six Nations on Sunday .	The Rugby Football Union ( RFU ) has confirmed it is looking into arranging an `` out-of-window '' match between England and New Zealand this year .
Vale of Glamorgan council has received Welsh government funding for breathalysers for 12 venues . The pilot scheme has begun ahead of the Christmas and new year period and follows similar trials across the UK . Conrad Eydmann , from Cardiff and Vale health board , said it would show revellers that refusing them entry is an objective decision . Substance misuse coordinator Benni Nicholson-Lepine added : `` Recent health assessments show that ... too many individuals are drinking at dangerous levels and we are aware of the increase in the number of individuals 'preloading ' and being significantly intoxicated prior to going out for the evening . ''	Pub and club goers in south Wales will be breathalysed by door staff to see if they are too drunk to be allowed in .
The attack happened in Merkland Drive , near David Gray Drive , sometime between 17:00 and 22:00 on Saturday . The area is near the Merkland Nature Reserve . Police Scotland are understood to be following a definite line of inquiry .	A 15-year-old girl has been raped near a nature reserve in Kirkintilloch , East Dunbartonshire .
Developers have been granted a licence from Paramount Pictures to use its name on a resort on the Swanscombe Peninsula , near Dartford . Fun park chiefs hope their giant water park and Hollywood-inspired thrill centre will win public support . London Resort Company Holdings hopes to submit a planning application in 2015 . Public exhibitions will be held at :	The brains behind a planned £2bn theme park that aims to rival Disneyland Paris are heading out to woo the people of Kent .
Gillian Troughton , who contested the Howgate ward for Labour , is due to stand to be Copeland 's MP next month after losing a by-election in February . The Conservative Party is now the largest group on the county council , but no party has overall control . Labour 's Stewart Young said the council result was `` a real disappointment '' . Election 2017 : Full results from across England The Tories gained 12 seats compared to their 2013 election performance , giving them a total of 37 of the council 's 84 wards - six short of an overall majority . Most of the gains were from Labour , which now has 26 seats , while the Liberal Democrats have 16 and Independents five . New party leaders will be elected on Monday before talks to form an administration Mr Young , leader of the Labour group on the council , said : `` It is a real disappointment . Labour has lost a lot of good people . '' In February , Ms Troughton lost to Conservative Trudy Harrison , who overturned a Labour majority of more than 2,564 to take the Westminster seat in a by-election triggered by the resignation of the sitting Labour MP Jamie Reed .	A prospective parliamentary candidate lost her seat on Cumbria County Council as the Tories gained at the expense of Labour .
The by-election comes after Conservative MP Stephen Phillips resigned earlier this month , citing `` irreconcilable policy differences '' with the government . In last year 's election , Mr Phillips had a majority of 24,115 . Mrs Ayling has a seat on Lincolnshire County Council . Lincolnshire voters were among the most Eurosceptic in the UK in the referendum on EU membership . UKIP chairman Paul Oaken said : `` Victoria is already working hard to represent local people and will now use all of her experience to make sure that UKIP continues to speak up for the common sense voters in Sleaford and North Hykeham . '' Consultant paediatrician Dr Caroline Johnson , who contested the Scunthorpe seat in 2010 , was selected by the Conservatives . Labour selected its candidate , trade unionist and refuse driver Jim Clarke , on Wednesday . Labour came second in the constituency in the general election . Ross Pepper has been selected by the Liberal Democrats . Local councillor Mark Suffield is standing as an independent while Peter Hill is standing for the Monster Raving Loony Party .	UKIP has selected local councillor Victoria Ayling for the Sleaford and North Hykeham parliamentary by-election on 8 December .
Set in east London in the 1950s , Thomas has used a trilogy of accounts by the late midwife and writer Jennifer Worth . Series two is currently being broadcast at 8pm GMT on Sunday nights on BBC 1 . But Thomas assures fans she received Worth 's blessing to continue into series three : `` Do n't worry . It does n't mean the show will end . '' `` The characters will be well developed by then and Jennifer was happy for us to continue , '' she told the Radio Times . The final episode of series one attracted 9.2 million viewers , making it the most successful new drama on the channel since 2001 . The first episode of its second series held its sizable audience and was watched by 9.3m . As well as screenwriting , Thomas is executive producer of the programme . She said that the hit TV show has prompted an emotional response from people , from crew to viewers and cameramen often `` getting something in their eyes '' . She told the magazine : `` The edit suite has a wooden floor and was wet after we watched the Christmas special . '' Thomas 's credits include the TV adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell 's Cranford and the 2010 series of Upstairs Downstairs . Her husband Stephen McGann stars in the show alongside Jessica Raine , Miranda Hart and Jenny Agutter .	Call The Midwife screenwriter Heidi Thomas has said the drama will continue after the second series , despite the memoirs it is based on running out .
It 's an effort to crack down on so-called black money and corruption , but many machines are not working or have run out of cash , leading to long queues and fights . This is what a cash crisis has looked like .	Millions of people have been queuing up outside banks all across India , six days after the government said that 500 ( $ 7.6 ) and 1,000 rupee notes were no longer valid .
Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed said the deal was reached at UN-brokered talks in Geneva , Switzerland . The south-western city has been the scene of months of fierce fighting between Houthi rebels and forces backing the government . Local residents are now enduring dire shortages of all kinds , reports say . Mr Ahmed described the agreement as a `` major step forward '' . There are hopes that aid deliveries will be sent to other Yemeni cities in the coming days . At least 5,700 people , almost half of them civilians , have been killed in air strikes and fighting on the ground since a Saudi-led coalition launched a military campaign in March in support of the government . The campaign was launched after the Houthis seized the capital Sanaa and advanced towards the second city of Aden . The already dire humanitarian situation in Yemen has also deteriorated severely , with more than 21 million people - four-fifths of the population - now requiring aid . Since March , coalition and pro-government forces have retaken Aden and the city of Marib .	Negotiators from Yemen 's warring sides have agreed to allow the resumption of aid deliveries to the besieged city of Taiz , the UN special envoy has said .
Supporters ' Group OxVox confirmed on Saturday talks had begun with Mr Kassam to buy the 12,500-seater stadium . `` If you want to do a deal and there 's a willing buyer and willing seller , it should n't take more than 10 to 12 weeks , '' Eales told BBC Radio Oxford . OxVox want the stadium to become a community-owned asset . Kassam still owns the stadium which bears his name , despite selling the football club for £2m in 2006 . Eales has made three bids of his own to buy the ground , which has been Oxford United 's home ground since 2001 , with two of them rejected by Kassam and the third `` still on the table '' . `` Firoz made it clear he did n't want to sell to an individual and that 's his prerogative , '' Eales added . `` I 've said consistently since I 've owned the club that this is n't a property play for me . `` This is about building sustainable success for Oxford United both on and off the pitch for the community . ''	Oxford United chairman Darryl Eales has urged former owner Firoz Kassam to push through a deal `` within weeks '' to sell the League One club 's Kassam Stadium .
Mr Immelt will leave on 31 December and will be replaced by John Flannery . In keeping with the company 's tradition , Mr Flannery has been promoted from within GE where he was most recently in charge of healthcare . Speculation about Mr Immelt 's future had grown recently following reports of a clash with a major investor . Trian Fund Management had raised concerns with GE about the company missing financial targets over a number of quarters . GE has agreed to cut $ 2bn worth of costs and to align executive bonuses with cuts and profit goals . Documents filed earlier this year showed that Mr Immelt 's remuneration had fallen as a result of missing targets . He was paid a total $ 27.5m for 2015 , down 35 % from the previous year 's total of $ 32.9m . Mr Flannery , 55 , who described Mr Immelt as `` one of the greatest business leaders of our time '' , has been with GE since 1987 and has worked all over the world including India and Argentina . GE said the leadership announcements were the result of a succession plan that has been run by the GE board of directors since 2011 . In addition , chief financial officer Jeff Bornstein has been promoted to vice chairman of GE .	General Electric ( GE ) has announced that Jeff Immelt will retire from the US industrial giant after 16 years as chairman and chief executive .
The 23-year-old has scored 12 tries in nine Super League appearances after an ankle injury ruled him out of the start of the season . `` He 's got a significant ligament strain and that 's a big blow to our team because he 's been a revelation , '' coach Rick Stone told BBC Radio Leeds . `` He 's really sparked our team in the right direction . ''	Huddersfield Giants will be without full-back Jake Mamo for up to six weeks because of a foot injury .
A second man was found with knife wounds at the flat on St Ann 's Road , Southend , and police said he was now in a stable condition in hospital . The victims were found just after 22:30 GMT on Wednesday night . A police cordon remains in place at St Ann 's Road . Essex Police said a 22-year-old man from Southend was being questioned in connection with the murder . A group of men were seen running from St Ann 's Road between 22:00 and 23:00 and police want to speak to people who may have seen them . Police believe the murdered man comes from the Dagenham area , but do not know the background of the stab victim . A post-mortem examination will be carried out on Friday .	A man has been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of a 24-year-old man at a flat in Essex .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 31 October 2014 Last updated at 19:14 GMT Luke Goodall , 26 , admitted dangerous driving near Stevenage , Hertfordshire , in the early hours of 7 August . Goodall , of Orchards Way , West End , Southampton , was sentenced at St Albans Crown Court to eight months . Footage of how officers stopped Goodall has been released by Hertfordshire Police .	A motorist who drove for eight miles in the wrong direction on the A1 ( M ) motorway before colliding with a police car has been jailed .
Scunthorpe needed to better Barnsley 's result at Wigan to secure the final play-off position but the Tykes ' victory ended their top-six ambitions . Tom Hopper put the Iron ahead as he slid Paddy Madden 's deflected effort past keeper George Long from 15 yards . Madden fired past Long after half-time as Scunthorpe kept pushing but they ended the season in seventh place . Scunthorpe started the day on equal points with Barnsley and began strongly , with Luke Williams ' long-range effort well held by Long . Billy Sharp curled Matt Done 's cross wide of the post as the Blades struggled to make any impact , before the unmarked Hooper tapped the Iron 's first goal past Long . The home side looked stronger after the break as Sharp saw his low effort from distance turned wide , but a defensive mix-up in the box allowed Madden to score his 23rd of the season . Long pulled off two excellent saves as Williams and Madden came close for the visitors , but Barnsley 's win scuppered their chance of reaching the play-offs .	Scunthorpe United failed to make the League One play-offs despite beating Sheffield United at Bramall Lane .
Saturday , 17 December ( Kick-offs 15:00 GMT unless stated ) Crystal Palace v Chelsea ( 12:30 GMT ) Middlesbrough v Swansea City Stoke City v Leicester City Sunderland v Watford West Ham United v Hull City West Bromwich Albion v Manchester United ( 17:30 GMT ) Sunday , 18 December Bournemouth v Southampton ( 13:30 GMT ) Manchester City v Arsenal ( 16:00 GMT ) Tottenham Hotspur v Burnley ( 16:00 GMT ) Friday , 16 December 2016 Norwich City v Huddersfield Town ( 19:45 GMT ) Saturday , 17 December Blackburn Rovers v Reading Bristol City v Preston North End Burton Albion v Newcastle United Cardiff City v Barnsley Fulham v Derby County Leeds United v Brentford Nottingham Forest v Wolverhampton Wanderers Sheffield Wednesday v Rotherham United Wigan Athletic v Ipswich Town Birmingham City v Brighton and Hove Albion Sunday , 18 December Queens Park Rangers v Aston Villa ( 12:00 GMT )	Team news , previews and the best statistics for the weekend 's Premier League and Championship matches .
A man , 52 , and woman , 53 , believed to be the parents of three girls aged 16 , 17 and 19 were all held on 12 August . They were arrested on suspicion of possessing information likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism and have been bailed until November . The man was also arrested on suspicion of possessing false identity documents . Police said the 16-year-old girl had previously been arrested on suspicion of preparation of terrorism and had an additional bail date of September .	Five members of one family arrested on suspicion of terror offences in east London have been bailed .
2 December 2014 Last updated at 23:02 GMT Thomas Heatherwick , creator of the London 2012 cauldron , says the Â£175m footbridge will be `` a place to linger , and be '' . The move has been criticised for the bridge 's cost and location . It still requires approval from the Mayor of London .	The designer of a garden bridge given planning consent says it will `` stitch London together '' .
Some 150 people lost their lives during the floods , and the explosion at a petrol station in the Adabraka suburb . Listen to the BBC Africa Debate at 19:00 GMT on Friday 3 July for a special programme on the aftermath of the Ghana floods and fire disaster .	Communities in Ghana 's capital , Accra , are still recovering from the devastating floods and fire which swept through the city one month ago .
Costa , 28 , was heavily linked with a move to the club in the January transfer window . But Tianjin said : `` We have no intention of becoming involved in any unhealthy competition and , consequently , paying a premium price . '' Costa 's 20 top-flight goals this season helped Chelsea win the league title . Tianjin were promoted to the Super League last season and have Italian World Cup winner Fabio Cannavaro as their manager . The club 's owner , Shu Yuhui , said in January that a bid to sign Costa had been scuppered by new rules in the Chinese Super League which mean only three foreign players can be fielded per game .	Chinese Super League club Tianjin Quanjian say they have not made contact with Chelsea striker Diego Costa or his agent `` during the past six months '' .
It happened when 43-year-old Nadia Sattar was crossing Nithsdale Road , close to the junction with Dargarvel Avenue , at about 18:15 on Friday . She was hit by a grey Volkswagen Touran and then a white Volkswagen Golf . A police spokesman said the woman died en route to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital . The car drivers were uninjured . Police have appealed for witnesses . The road was closed for several hours to allow crash investigations to be carried out . Sgt Nicola Taylor said : `` Since our initial media appeal , the two individuals we asked to come forward have been in contact with police . `` Inquiries are ongoing to determine the circumstances surrounding the crash . We would continue to ask anyone who witnessed the crash to contact police with any information they have . ''	A woman has died after being struck by two cars in the southside of Glasgow .
Deposed leader Tony Abbott is expected to give a speech to the Alliance Defending Freedom ( ADF ) in New York this week about his views on marriage . The ADF group supports the pro-life movement and opposes same-sex marriage . Mr Turnbull said the former prime minister would `` probably find he 's talking to people with similar views '' . `` There are fellow members of the Coalition who have different views and they are entitled to express them , '' he said . `` I respect their right to do so , just as they would respect my right to disagree with them . '' The ADF said Mr Abbott `` aligned '' on some of the group 's issues . `` I think they thought he would be an interesting fella to hear from , so they invited him to come , '' ADF spokesperson Bob Trent told AAP news agency . Mr Abbott has confirmed he will attempt to stay in parliament at the country 's next federal election .	Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has defended his predecessor 's decision to address a conservative Christian group in the United States .
Laugher led after his first of six dives and did not relinquish top position as he scored 554 points . China 's Siyi Xie and Yuan Cao were second and third with 539.15 and 510.05 points respectively . British pair Tom Daley and Grace Reid went in the mixed 3m synchro springboard and failed to make it on to the podium as they finished fourth . Find out how to get into diving with our special guide .	Great Britain 's Jack Laugher won gold in the men 's individual 3m springboard at the Diving World Series in China .
Mohammed Haji Sadiq , of Cyncoed , entered the not guilty pleas at a hearing on Friday . The allegations involve four girls , aged between five and 11 , and allegedly took place at the Madina mosque between 1996 and 2006 . Mr Sadiq is due to stand trial later in June . He is charged with eight counts of assaulting a girl under the age of 13 by touching and seven of indecent assault of a girl under the age of 14 . Mr Sadiq taught at the mosque between 1976 and 2006 . It is understood he has had no involvement with the mosque since then .	An 80-year-old man who taught at a Cardiff mosque has denied 15 child sex offences at Cardiff Crown Court .
The 69-year-old sports promoter quit in April after the O 's had failed to pay staff their wages for March . His return comes a week after Nigel Travis ' takeover of the National League side from ex-owner Francesco Becchetti . `` I have always been a fan and right now I could n't be any happier for Orient as a club , '' said Hearn . `` I think it is another statement of how well Nigel and his team have started to turn this club around already . ''	Former Leyton Orient chairman Barry Hearn has been named as honorary president of the club , just three months after resigning from the role .
The 46-year-old was found at Restalrig Circus at about 01:00 BST after officers were called to a disturbance . He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary but was later pronounced dead . Police Scotland said a murder investigation was now under way . They are keen to trace three men seen in the area at the time . Det Ch Inspector Keith Hardie added : `` We believe the victim had been in the Tor public house prior to the murder . `` Anyone who believes they heard or saw anything that could help with this investigation should contact police on 101 . ''	The death of a man found in an Edinburgh street with serious injuries is being treated by police as murder .
The 20 year old-man , who was with his partner at the time , was chased down Copland Road and on to Summertown Road at about 22:00 on Monday . He was then seriously assaulted . His partner was unharmed . Detectives said it was a `` deliberate and targeted '' attack and have urged anyone who witnessed a disturbance in the area to come forward . The 20-year-old man was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital and left after treatment . Both suspects were described as white men with local accents and slim builds , who were wearing dark clothing at the time of the incident . They are aged between 20 and 30 , with one man about 6ft tall and the other shorter . Det Con Kris Elliott , Govan CID , said : `` Both men were involved in the attack , however , we understand that only one of the men was in possession of a weapon at the time of the incident . `` We have been assessing CCTV images and conducting door-to-door inquiries to establish the identity of the men responsible . '' `` If anyone witnessed a disturbance on Monday evening around Summertown Road , please contact police with any information you have . ''	Police have appealed for information after a man was chased then stabbed by two men in Govan in Glasgow .
Apton was officially launched before Christmas offering music specifically from Welsh record labels . But its website and app services went down on Thursday , with some registered users told a ransom of about Â£200 in the digital currency Bitcoin must be paid . On Friday , one company behind Apton said it would not pay the demand . Dafydd Roberts from record company Sain said following police advice it would not pay the ransom to unlock the software and return the service . `` The advice from them is that the hackers would ask for more ransom and we would n't be certain of getting the data back , '' Mr Roberts said . `` We have a backup data that the software company is loading for us at the moment and it will take a few days - not the week that we anticipated at first . `` We are emphasising that there is no risk to customers bank details and passwords . They are in a different place and the passwords are encrypted . `` We have changed our security systems and hope that we wont be targeted again . '' The Apton service is backed by apps on the Apple and Android stores and received Â£30,000 in Welsh Government funding to promote the language . It charges a monthly fee like Spotify and Apple Music to access an online stream of music from the catalogues of Welsh record companies like Sain .	A Welsh language music online streaming service targeted by hackers will not pay the ransom after police advice .
The Belfast office of CMG Cunningham Dickey will be based in their May Street premises while its office in Bangor , County Down , will remain in Market Street . Two of the three partners , Brian Speers and Michael Robinson , are recent former presidents of the Law Society of Northern Ireland . Cunningham and Dickey was founded in 1870 , while CMG started as the practice of William Graham in Newtownards in 1910 . The merged firm said the amalgamation would strengthen its matrimonial and children 's law advice and representation , while it will also have strengths in acting for residential housing developers .	Two Belfast-based legal firms , CMG and Cunningham and Dickey , have announced a merger .
The victim remains in a critical condition following the incident on Shobnall Street , on Monday evening . Nadeem Akhtar , 36 , from Shobnall Street , has also been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent . He was remanded in custody and will appear at Stafford Crown Court on Friday . Zufeer Mohammed , 26 , from Burton , has been charged with assisting an offender , and will also appear on 31 July . Police are continuing to hunt for a man named as 27-year-old Rehan Akhtar who is wanted in connection with the incident .	A man charged with attempted murder after a 49-year-old man was hit by a car in Burton upon Trent , has appeared in court .
Fellaini signed a four-year deal with the option of a further year when he joined from Everton for £27.5m in 2013 . United boss Jose Mourinho has activated the option despite uncertainty over the 29-year-old midfielder 's future . Fellaini was booed by his own fans last month but scored in the EFL Cup semi-final win against Hull on Tuesday . The Belgium international ran to Mourinho to celebrate his goal in what seemed to be a show of recognition for the faith shown in him after a difficult period , which included giving away a costly penalty at Everton on 4 December . Speaking after Tuesday 's victory , Mourinho said : `` He has a very strong mentality and has coped well . `` He knows he is a very important player for me . ''	Manchester United have triggered a clause in Marouane Fellaini 's contract that will keep him at Old Trafford until 2018 .
Former Alliance and independent councillor Brian Wilson joined the Greens . He was elected in North Down in a significant breakthrough for the party . The seat was retained by the party in the 2011 assembly elections by Steven Agnew . Breaking the hold of traditional unionist and nationalist parties in Northern Ireland has been a challenge for non-aligned groups for many years . In the 2009 European election , the Green Party in Northern Ireland took more than 3 % of the vote with Mr Agnew as a candidate , polling 15,764 votes . This was more than three times the Green Party 's previous poll result . However , in the 2014 European election the Green vote fell to 10,598 . It is the only Northern Ireland party that does not accept corporate donations . The Green Party in Northern Ireland works in co-operation with other Greens across the European Union , and has a close relationship with its counterpart in the Republic of Ireland . The party has four councillors .	The Green Party in Northern Ireland first gained a foothold in the Northern Ireland Assembly in 2007 .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 5 August 2015 Last updated at 19:05 BST She discovers what it was like first hand from one survivor who was just 14-years-old at the time . We also talk to two young Japanese girls about what Hiroshima means to them . Watch Newsround 's special programme about Hiroshima . Bun Hashizume 's books are published by Koubunken Co. , Ltd .	On the 70th anniversary of the atomic bombing of the city of Hiroshima , Leah travels to Japan to find out more about what happened on that day in 1945 .
It is the latest in a series of steps to improve relations after a tense standoff in August . The confrontation began when two South Korean soldiers were seriously hurt by landmine explosions along the border . It escalated to threats of war and a brief exchange of fire across the border . Tension only eased when the two sides met for lengthy discussions at which they agreed to resume previously suspended talks and restart family reunions . Those reunions were restarted in October , with talks beginning again in November . As Friday 's meeting will only be attended by vice-ministers , it is unlikely that they will discuss the most serious issues in the two countries ' often tense relationship . The official agenda of the meeting has not been made public however , analysts suggest they may discuss more regular reunions between families separated by the Korean War . The resumption of South Korean tours to the North 's Mount Kumgang resort , suspended in 2008 , may also be discussed , reports said . Because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice , not a peace treaty , the two countries remain technically at war .	North and South Korea are holding high-level talks in the Kaesong joint industrial zone on the North Korean side of the border .
The 31-year-old Englishman has signed a two-year deal at McDiarmid Park beginning on 1 July . Sutton is believed to have rejected offers from both Motherwell and Kilmarnock in favour of joining Tommy Wright 's Saints . The Perth team return to training on Wednesday for pre-season work ahead of their Europa League qualifying games . Sutton scored 13 goals in 43 appearances last season . St Johnstone will be his sixth Scottish club , having had spells at Raith Rovers , Dundee , St Mirren , Motherwell ( twice ) and Hearts .	St Johnstone have completed the signing of Motherwell striker John Sutton on a pre-contract agreement .
In a post on her Twitter account , the Sheffield star said she was `` so happy '' at the news . Ennis-Hill , 31 , who won a gold medal at the London games in 2012 and a silver in Rio de Janeiro , already has a two-year-old son named Reggie . Following her retirement from athletics last year she was made a dame in the New Year Honours list . More on this and other Sheffield stories She married her long-term partner Andy Hill in a ceremony at Hathersage , Derbyshire in May 2013 .	Former Olympic heptathlon champion Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill has announced she is expecting a second child .
The Met said advances in forensic techniques had led it to focus on an item recovered on the night of the murder . It said those approached for DNA samples were not suspected of being involved in Stephen 's murder . Two men are currently in prison for the fatal stabbing 23 years ago . The Met did not reveal any further details about the recovered item at the centre of its inquiries . Eighteen-year-old Mr Lawrence was stabbed to death in an unprovoked attack at a bus stop in Eltham by a gang of white youths . Gary Dobson and David Norris were found guilty of his murder and sentenced to minimum terms of 15 years and two months and 14 years and three months in January 2012 . The Met said it remains `` firmly committed '' to continuing to investigate the murder . The National Crime Agency is currently investigating alleged police corruption during the original murder inquiry . Two separate inquiries are being carried out - a judge-led public inquiry into undercover policing as a whole , which includes the Stephen Lawrence case amongst others , and one by the Independent Police Complaints Commission . The IPCC is looking at a complaint by Mr Lawrence 's father , Neville , concerning former Metropolitan Police commissioner John , now Lord , Stevens over claims he withheld evidence from the 1998 Macpherson Inquiry .	Police investigating the murder of Stephen Lawrence in 1993 have contacted an unspecified number of people to request DNA samples .
All three of the students , believed to be first years , are reported to have died in `` unrelated '' incidents . Police are not treating the deaths of Miranda Williams , Daniel Green , or Kim Long as suspicious . The university , which has about 22,000 students , offered condolences to their families . Inquests are due to be held at a later date . Deputy registrar Lynn Robinson said : `` These events are always extremely upsetting and our thoughts are with the students ' families and friends . '' Ms Robinson added : `` Our student welfare services are offering support to anyone affected . `` It goes without saying that we take student health and wellbeing very seriously and would urge any students who are feeling anxious , depressed or lonely to seek support . '' She said the student counselling service was well-placed to help and mental health first aid training had been provided to `` many staff '' .	The deaths of three students in a single term at the University of Bristol are being investigated .
`` I just want to go out on a high note . I ca n't wait , '' he said on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert on Tuesday . Although some people on social media were n't too thrilled about the news , a lot of fans are excited about the actor 's return . One Twitter user is so happy about the announcement that it 's probably going to be all they 'll be talking about for a while : End of Twitter post by @ shesJamesEvans James Evans wrote : `` Daniel Craig is doing another James Bond and your [ sic ] gon na have to deal with me flailing about this for the next two weeks , at least . '' From one Craig to another , the actor has won singer Craig David 's approval too :	Daniel Craig will be reprising his role as James Bond one more time .
Lauren McMurchie fired past Jenna Fife after less than a minute , Julie Fleeting was then twice on target and Fiona Brown lobbed in City 's fourth . Celtic leapfrogged opponents Spartans as they won 2-0 away from home and Rangers won 2-0 at Forfar Farmington . Stirling University also won on the road , a 1-0 triumph at Aberdeen .	Glasgow City moved five points clear at the top of the Scottish Women 's Premier League after beating second-placed Hibernian Ladies 4-0 at Albyn Park .
Describing himself as a `` Guardian of the Galaxy '' Jack grabbed Nasa 's attention with his application which listed his various skills . Jack described himself as `` great at video games '' . He also said because he was young , he could `` learn to think like an alien '' . It sounds like Jack has been researching the role as he mentioned he had `` seen almost all the space and alien movies I can see '' . The director of Planetary Science Division , Dr Green , sent Jack a letter back congratulating him and giving him a little bit more info on the job . While Nasa did n't offer Jack the job , Dr Green said : `` We are always looking for bright future scientists and engineers to help us , so I hope you will study hard and do well in school ...... We hope to see you here at Nasa one of these days . ''	Jack might not even be ten years old yet but that did n't stop him applying for a top new NASA job of planet protector .
The work has been set to the teenage activist 's 2013 UN speech about the right of every girl to an education . Speak Out , by Kate Whitley , will be performed by the BBC National Orchestra and Chorus of Wales alongside the children 's choir Cor y Cwm . The concert takes place at BBC Hoddinott Hall at 19:30 GMT . Ms Yousafzai , 19 , said : `` I am honoured and excited that my speech inspired a composer to set it to music . `` As the speech is a call to raise our voices , it makes me very happy that it will be sung by a large choir , that so many voices will rise to share the message of education for all . '' Ms Whitley said she felt `` very lucky '' to have been asked to `` write a piece for such an important day celebrating women around the world '' . The performance will be broadcast on BBC Radio 3 at 21:30 .	A musical world premiere set to the words of Malala Yousafzai will be performed in Cardiff to mark International Women 's Day .
Bakare committed a two-footed tackle on Dan Harding and was handed a straight red card after 25 minutes . Welling goalkeeper Michael McEntegart denied Matt Tubbs and Yemi Odubade , before Jack Midson also hit the crossbar for the hosts . The Spitfires are now seventh , three points off the play-off places . Welling , who are 23rd and lie nine points adrift of safety , only had a 10-minute warm-up before the game after their team bus arrived late because of traffic .	Struggling Welling held on for a draw against play-off hopefuls Eastleigh , despite having Michael Bakare sent off in the first half .
The study was carried out by scientists from Queen 's University Belfast . It analysed prescribing data for over 250,000 people , aged 65 years and over , living in NI from 2008 to 2010 , It found that antipsychotic drug dispensing in older people more than doubled when they entered care . The study found that 8.2 % were prescribed the drug before entry to care homes and that rose to 18.6 % after entering care . Lead researcher on the Queen 's study , Aideen Maguire , said : `` Although drug dispensing is high in older people in the community , we have found that it increases dramatically on entry to care . `` This study showed that the high uptake of psychotropic drugs observed in care homes in Northern Ireland can not be explained by a continuation of drug use initiated in the community prior to entering care . `` With an ageing population globally it is important that we look at the reasons behind this type of increase following admission to care . `` Antipsychotic uptake in Northern Ireland is similar to that in the rest of the UK and Ireland , and this study highlights the need for routine medicines reviews especially during the transition into care . ''	Elderly people in NI are given drugs such as tranquilisers and anti-dementia drugs at a much higher rate in care homes than when they are living in the community , a study has found .
The 24-year-old South-Africa born forward began his career at Sale Sharks before joining Saints in 2013 . `` I 'm a big admirer of what [ director of rugby ] Dean Ryan and the coaches are building at Warriors , '' Williams told the club 's official website . `` I ca n't wait to be a part of what 's going to be an exciting journey . '' Williams , who is qualified to play for England , was part of the Saints side that finished last season on top of the Premiership table and has made 18 appearances so far this campaign . He will join centres Ben Te ' o and Jackson Willison , second-rower Will Spencer , flanker Marco Mama and scrum-half Francois Hougaard at Sixways in the summer .	Worcester Warriors have made their sixth signing for next season by agreeing a deal with Northampton Saints hooker Matt Williams .
Surjit Takhar 's remains were found by maintenance workers at the bottom of an embankment at junction 4 of the M54 in Telford on 20 August . He was last seen by his family on 29 September 2008 , and was reported missing from his home in Oldbury , West Midlands , on 8 October . His cause of death is unknown . Police said they were keeping an `` open mind '' . West Mercia Police said it had been able to establish a full DNA profile following detailed forensic searches . More on this and other Shropshire stories After further analysis of the DNA and of Mr Takhar 's dental records , it was able to formally identify him . Det Ch Insp Neil Jamieson , who is leading the investigation , said the force was `` pursuing other lines of inquiry to establish what has happened '' . The force had been working closely with West Midlands Police .	A man whose remains were discovered near a Shropshire motorway slip road has been formally identified .
The clock in the tower of St Peter 's Church , Haresfield , will be refurbished and have electric winders attached . It was given to the church in 1698 by John Rogers , who owned the Haresfield estate , but it could be even older , according to church officials . The cost of the clock 's restoration will be Â£7,300 . Churchwarden Alec Jeakins said : `` Clocks of this age are very rare . It strikes on the hour but has n't been heard in the village for over 30 years . `` We hope that hearing the clock again will remind villagers of their church . `` There is a plaque on it with the date 1698 , saying it was given by John Rogers , but it could possibly have been a second-hand clock even at that date . '' Grants of Â£1,000 from the Barbara Whatmore Charitable Trust and Â£500 from the Gloucestershire Historic Churches Trust have already been secured .	An appeal has been launched to raise money to restore a 17th Century clock in Gloucestershire .
Despite a 6 % rise in annual pre-tax profits , ITV shares closed down 3.5 % at 240.9p . The FTSE 100 index shed 5.8 points , or 0.1 % , at 6,147.06 points . Miners led the way , with major gainers being Anglo American and Antofagasta boosted by new economic stimulus measures in China . Anglo was the biggest riser , adding 6.7 % , while Standard Chartered rose 5.9 % to 454.8p . The biggest faller was Intertek Group , which shed 4.6 % to Â£28.65 , while BT Group ended 2.9 % lower ar 481.8p . On the currency markets , the pound was up 0.7 % against the dollar to $ 1.4047 , and was 1 % higher against the euro at â‚¬1.2961 .	( Close ) : The London market ended the day down slightly , with a sharp drop in the share price of broadcaster ITV .
The Bank of Scotland report found that homes in the Scottish countryside are on average £17,231 more expensive than those in towns and cities . However it also revealed that the price gap has dropped from £24,228 in the last five years . It found that while prices are higher in rural areas , urban house prices are increasing at a faster rate . The price of homes in the countryside rose by 14 % between 2011 and 2016 , while the cost of urban properties jumped 22 % . Other findings of the bank 's annual rural housing review include : Graham Blair , mortgage director at Bank of Scotland , said : `` Our How Scotland Lives research has shown that countryside living can have a positive impact on peoples ' happiness , so it 's to be expected that people will be attracted to living in the countryside and this does come with a premium . `` Affordability is often a key driver in any decision to purchase a home , with some rural regions more affordable than certain urban locations there are options for anyone considering an escape to the country . ''	The price gap between properties in rural and urban areas is narrowing , according to a new review .
Liam McMeechan , 23 , left Tahir Ahmed with a fractured skull following the raid at A & A newsagents in South Trinity Road on 12 August 2016 . Mr Ahmed , who feared he was going to die , had tried to fight off McMeechan . Earlier , McMeechan pleaded guilty to assaulting the shopkeeper to his severe injury and permanent disfigurement . Accomplice David Allan , 50 , admitted to a charge of attempted robbery and was jailed for 32 months at the High Court in Glasgow . Lord Boyd jailed McMeechan for seven years - but he must first serve 414 days from a previous sentence . The judge said McMeechan , who has a string of robbery convictions , was a `` considerable menace '' . McMeechan will also be supervised for two years on his release . Mr Ahmed needed 14 staples for serious head wounds and has been left scarred for life .	A thief who hacked at a shopkeeper 's head with a machete during a robbery bid at an Edinburgh shop has been jailed for seven years .
Police fired rubber bullets and stun grenades at demonstrators in the southern city on Wednesday . Officers said they had been forced to act when a group of protesters tried to break through police lines around the state legislative assembly . The teachers were protesting against proposed changes to their pension . Curitiba city officials said 213 people had been injured . The emergency services reported that eight were in a serious condition in hospital . Writing on Twitter , Curitiba Mayor Gustavo Fruet said the scene resembled `` a war zone '' . However , the government of Parana state put the number of injured protesters much lower . It said 40 protesters and 22 police officers were hurt . The organisers of the protests said 20,000 people attended the march , but there has been no independent confirmation of those number . The teachers were trying to prevent members of the state assembly from voting on a proposal which would move their state pensions to a different fund . The teachers are worried the new fund will not be as secure and have repeatedly gone on strike in an attempt to prevent it . The vote went ahead on Wednesday with thee state assembly approving the changes .	More than 200 people are reported to have been injured in clashes between police and teachers protesting in the Brazilian city of Curitiba .
Second-placed Dortmund were heading for a frustrating draw when Aubameyang headed home Lukasz Piszczek 's cross . The Gabon striker made it 20 Bundesliga goals for the season with a diagonal shot to ensure his side 's fifth win in six league games . Pep Guardiola 's Bayern host struggling Hoffenheim on Sunday . Elsewhere in the Bundesliga on Saturday , former Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez scored twice to help Bayer Leverkusen climb back to fourth after beating bottom club Hannover 3-0 . Stefan Kiessling gave them the lead on the stroke of half-time , before Mexico international Hernandez converted a 62nd-minute penalty and he struck his 13th league goal of the season with three minutes of normal time remaining . Hertha Berlin remain third despite squandering a two-goal lead to draw 3-3 with Werder Bremen . Schalke are up to fifth after a 2-0 away win against Darmstadt .	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored two late goals to earn Borussia Dortmund a win over Ingolstadt and move them five points behind leaders Bayern Munich .
15 July 2015 Last updated at 16:04 BST Kaysha , whose real name is Edward Mokolo Jr , is currently based in Portugal but he often visits his native Kinshasa . That 's where DJ Edu , the presenter of BBC Radio 1Xtra 's Destination Africa programme , met him recently . DJ Edu started by asking him why , coming from a country where many musicians are still heavily influenced by traditional rumba sounds , he is better known as a singer of Caribbean zouk , and kizomba , a genre which mixes semba sounds from Angola with zouk and kompa music from Haiti .	Congolese superstar Kaysha is a singer , producer and entrepreneur who has lived and worked in many countries in Africa , the Americas and Europe .
The rover snapped some pictures of the sunset in between several dust storms on the planet while dust was still floating in the atmosphere . And the reason it looks blue is because the reds and yellows from the sun were absorbed by the dust . That meant the blue coloured light was able to get through the dust more easily and was picked up by the rover . Mark Lemmon , a Curiosity science-team member from Texas A & M University said : `` The colours come from the fact that the very fine dust is the right size so that blue light penetrates the atmosphere slightly more efficiently '' . Since landing on Mars in 2012 , the Curiosity rover has been sending back lots of pictures and data on the planet so we can learn more about it .	NASA 's curiosity rover has sent back the first colour picture of a sunset on Mars , and it 's blue !
A judge also ordered Crawford , 29 , to serve two years probation and do 120 hours of community service . He was found guilty of disorderly conduct and damage to property in April in the shop in Omaha , Nebraska , where his car was being resprayed . His sentencing comes five days after he defeated John Molina to retain his WBC and WBO world super-lightweight titles . During Thursday 's sentencing , Judge Marcena Hendrix told Crawford : `` You 've continued to act as if you are above the law , and you are not '' . He is expected to serve about 50 days under Nebraska 's sentencing guidelines . In April , Crawford confronted the owner of the shop which had been painting his 1984 Chevrolet Monte Carlo . Crawford , who had paid half of the fee for the work , refused to pay the rest , saying he was dissatisfied with the service . That triggered the confrontation , during which Crawford managed to forcefully remove his car which was placed on a hydraulic lift . Shop owner Michael Nelson said the boxer was able to push a 600lb ( 272kg ) engine left underneath the lift so that the vehicle could be lowered to the floor . The boxer then tied a rope to the car and towed it away , Mr Nelson said .	US world boxing champion Terence `` Bud '' Crawford has been given a 90-day jail term after a fracas at a car body shop .
Daniel Watkins , from Alcester in Warwickshire , has been charged in connection with a fire in Cradley in the early hours of Friday . The woman , aged 34 , and the girl were treated for the effects of breathing in smoke , police said . Mr Watkins , 34 , from Smiths Close , is due before magistrates in Dudley later .	A man has been charged with attempting to murder a woman and a six-year-old girl following a fire in the West Midlands .
Iain Sturrock died after the accident , which involved a white Citroen Berlingo on Seafield Street , Portsoy , shortly before 17:00 on Thursday . Relatives said in a statement : `` Iain was a loving little boy who lived for swimming , karate and going to Cubs . `` We are in shock and are absolutely devastated that he has been taken from us . '' Police Scotland appealed for witnesses . Sgt Neil Morrison , from Aberdeenshire and Moray division 's road policing unit said : `` First and foremost , our thoughts are with the family and friends of the boy . `` We will be conducting an investigation into the collision . '' Meanwhile , a man was taken to hospital in Aberdeen following a one-vehicle accident on the city 's Ashgrove Road West . It happened in the early hours of Friday morning . The road was closed for an accident investigation .	An eight-year-old who died after being hit by a van in Aberdeenshire has been described as a `` loving little boy '' .
The Dow Jones fell 468.5 points , or 2.8 % , to 16,059.6 . The Nasdaq dropped 140.4 points , or 2.9 % , to 4,636.1 , while the S & P 500 was 58.2 points , or 3.0 % , lower at 1,914.0 . Every one of the companies in the Dow Jones fell , leaving the index down almost 10 % in 2015 . The falls tracked losses seen in Asia and Europe earlier on Tuesday . Markets headed lower after a survey suggested that factory activity in China contracted at its fastest pace in three years in August . The official manufacturing purchasing managers ' index ( PMI ) dropped to 49.7 from 50 in July . A figure below 50 indicates contraction . Oil prices also fell sharply on the back of the weak PMI data . After seeing a sharp rise on Monday , Brent crude fell $ 4.59 to $ 49.56 a barrel , while US crude dropped $ 3.79 to $ 45.41 a barrel . US oil majors were the biggest fallers in the Dow Jones , with Exxon Mobil dropping 4.2 % and Chevron down 3.5 % .	( Close ) : Stocks on Wall Street fell sharply as weak economic data from China reignited worries about the strength of the world 's second largest economy .
The club also have an option to extend his deal for a further 12 months . Former Spain international Hernandez has made 15 Championship appearances since joining in August . The 31-year-old previously played alongside - and under - Leeds head coach Garry Monk at Swansea between August 2012 and February 2014 . Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page or visit our Premier League tracker here .	Leeds United have signed on-loan forward Pablo Hernandez from Qatari side Al-Arabi until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee .
Campaigners from Reclaim the Power wore masks and carried posters as they lay down at Terminal 2 in west London . The protest comes as the government is set to decide in the next few weeks whether to expand Heathrow or Gatwick . Cyclists dressed in red also rode to Harmondsworth Detention Centre as part of the protest to highlight migration . A `` picnic '' demonstration was also held at Gatwick airport earlier in the day as part of the series of activities by climate change campaigners . The events coincide with protests against airport expansion across the world as the International Civil Aviation Organisation hold a conference addressing the impact of aviation . The activists wanted to highlight how communities were affected by climate change and the link between climate change and migration . Mary Adams from Reclaim the Power , said : `` Expanding airports is completely irresponsible and will bring us out of reach of our own targets to stop climate change . `` Expanding Heathrow is incompatible with creating a fairer and more equal world . '' The hour-long demonstration at Heathrow went off peacefully and the airport said there were no disruptions .	More than a hundred climate change protesters have held a `` die-in '' demonstration at Heathrow Airport against plans for airport expansion .
Erick Maina , 15 , who was originally from Kenya , was found hanged in Fazakerley , Liverpool , on 15 November . James Coleman , 18 , of Buckfast Close , Netherton , was sentenced at Liverpool Crown Court after previously admitting racially aggravated criminal damage . A 17-year-old boy , who had admitted the same offence , was last week given a 10-month detention order . Comments about Erick and a swastika were found near Maricourt School in Maghull and in a nearby park . CCTV at the school captured Coleman and the 17-year-old , who can not be named because of his age , at the scene . They were also seen buying white paint and a paint brush at a local supermarket . When police found paint-stained items of clothing at the teenager 's home , he and Coleman were arrested .	A teenager who admitted painting racist graffiti at a school after a student 's death has been detained for two years .
Views of patients , their families , health professionals and researchers have been published on the issue . It has suggested a series of recommendations , including improving early diagnosis , health workers ' knowledge and training . The Welsh government said it had invested in improving eating disorder services . Campaigner Manon Lewis , who has suffered with an eating disorder , said : `` We need to improve knowledge and understanding throughout all parts of the health service so that people can get the appropriate support as soon as possible . '' The Cross Party Group on Eating Disorders wants to see changes across the board . Its report said : `` It is clear that there needs to be improvements in how primary care responds to and supports people with eating disorders and their families/carers . '' A Welsh government spokesman added : `` Community treatment for adults , which includes 18 and 19-year-olds , receives Â£1m annual funding and , since 2013 , an extra Â£250,000 annual funding to improve treatment for children and young people . `` The extra funding has enabled the recruitment of specialist staff , improved training for existing staff , created extra outpatient clinics and the increased the availability of high care beds in children and adolescent mental health services . ''	Improvements need to be made in diagnosing and treating people with eating disorders , a report has said .
The 11-year-old son of Montjeu won 14 of his 26 starts for Aidan O'Brien including the Irish Derby ( 2009 ) and the Gold Cup at Royal Ascot ( 2011 ) . He was retired to Coolmore Stud at the end of the 2012 season . `` Fame And Glory sadly passed away this morning after suffering a suspected heart attack when covering a mare , '' said Coolmore on Twitter .	Multiple Group One winner Fame And Glory has died after a suspected heart attack during breeding duties .
The 28-year-old has only made 13 appearances since joining the Italian side from Atletico Madrid last July . He played 121 league games in five years at Atletico , scoring four goals . Suarez , capped three times by Spain , also worked with Hornets manager Quique Sanchez Flores when he was Atletico boss between 2009 and 2011 . Meanwhile , Lithuania international goalkeeper Giedrius Arlauskis , 28 , has completed a loan move to RCD Espanyol until the end of the season , having only made one appearance since joining the Hornets in the summer .	Watford are set to sign Spanish midfielder Mario Suarez from Fiorentina for a fee believed to be about £4m , reports BBC Three Counties Radio .
The bird kept the top spot during this year 's Big Garden Birdwatch , organised by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) . Some 17,000 people participated in the charity 's survey in January , spending an hour making notes of the birds that visited their gardens . Almost 130,000 birds were recorded . After starlings , the most common species were house sparrows , chaffinches , blue tits and blackbirds . Across the UK there was an increase in sightings of waxwings . They flock to Northern Ireland 's gardens once every few years , when the berry crop fails in their native Scandinavia . Waxwings are not seen often in local gardens , but were spotted six times during the survey . Joanne Sherwood , RSPB NI director , said : `` To have so many people connecting with this huge citizen science initiative is amazing and the information gathered will really help create a snapshot of how our garden birds are doing . ''	Starlings remain the most common bird in Northern Ireland , according to a popular piece of citizen science .
28 November 2016 Last updated at 15:35 GMT The problem is , when on a spacecraft , zipped up in a spacesuit , with no toilet in sight and a crew of other astronauts around , it can be a little difficult to relieve yourself ! Now NASA want YOUR ideas for a poo-removal system that will handle everything for up to SIX days . Check out our video ...	Going to the toilet in zero-gravity can be a tricky task and NASA wants your help to make it a little bit easier for astronauts .
Media playback is not supported on this device He fought back from 4-1 down to beat Michael Holt 13-8 and set up a Tuesday meeting with Ding Junhui or Judd Trump . `` I had a miracle to get to four each . I could easily have been 6-2 or 7-1 down , '' said 2000 and 2003 winner Williams . `` I was struggling at 3-1 down and 4-1 down and lucky to win a couple of close frames . '' Williams felt he played `` quite '' well in a solid performance to keep Holt under pressure after his fight-back before going on to win . The Welshman hopes Trump beats Ding `` because it would be a more fluent and quicker game '' . Williams added : `` I 'm just happy to be here . I 'm normally watching the quarter-finals in the house so to actually be involved is great for me . ''	Wales ' Mark Williams believes he performed a snooker `` miracle '' to reach the World Championship quarter-finals .
The 64-year-old has been served with a summons over a claim of abuse on a boy aged 16 , who was a pupil at Altrincham Grammar School for Boys in 1982 where Mr Talbot taught . He will appear at Manchester City Magistrates ' Court on 2 July . Mr Talbot , from Bowdon , Greater Manchester , denies nine indecent assaults and a serious sexual assault . He is best known for his work on the ITV programme This Morning in the late 1980s and 1990s when it was hosted by Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan . Mr Talbot was a regular on the floating weather map in Liverpool 's Albert Dock .	Former TV weather presenter Fred Talbot is set to appear in court to face a further allegation of indecent assault .
27 July 2016 Last updated at 10:49 BST Researchers studying the `` blue hole '' in the South China Sea reckon that it is 300 metres deep . The team says it looked at things like tidal water levels and temperature to work out the depth . Until now , the deepest known blue hole was Dean 's Blue Hole , which is 202 metres deep and in the Bahamas in the Caribbean .	This stunning aerial video shows the world 's deepest underwater sinkhole , according to scientists in China .
The former co-chairman of Sun Kung Kai Properties , was fined HK $ 500,000 ( $ 64,440 , £41,327 ) in a highly publicised graft case . He was found guilty of one count of conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office , while his younger brother Raymond was cleared of charges . The firm had said on Friday that Kwok would appeal against the conviction . Kwok , 63 , resigned as chairman and managing director of the city 's largest property developer after the verdicts were delivered last week . He was convicted of giving bribes totalling $ 1.1m to former government official Rafael Hui in exchange for information on land sales between 2005 and 2007 . Hui , 66 , is also facing a jail sentence after being found guilty on five of the eight charges against him . The seven-month trial shocked the city and saw the valuable developer 's shares tumble , erasing billions in market value since the brothers were arrested over two years ago . The Kwok brothers are estimated to be worth more than $ 14bn , ranking them among Asia 's richest people .	A Hong Kong property tycoon , Thomas Kwok , has been sentenced to five years in jail for corruption .
Contractors accidentally severed the pipe on Thursday , causing a gas leak which led to the evacuation of the nearby Premier Inn and Ashbridge Inn . Avondale Road , Chapel Lane and Pontrhydyrun Road remain shut while work is carried out to repair the pipe . Wales & West Utilities said the pipe could be made safe by midnight Friday . A spokesperson said : `` This is a very complex job , and our engineers are working round the clock to resolve the situation as safely and as quickly as possible . `` We anticipate that the pipe will be made safe , and the gas leak stopped , by midnight tonight [ 9 October ] , and our engineers will then make a permanent repair to the pipe . `` When the pipe is made safe , the pub and hotel will reopen , and we will review what traffic management will be needed to make a permanent repair . '' No gas supplies have been affected by the leak .	Engineers are `` working around the clock '' to repair a damaged gas pipe which has closed a number of roads in Cwmbran , Torfaen .
Mary Jenkins , 77 , and Anthony Jenkins , 78 , were found by officers at the house in Ynyswen Road Treorchy , at about 11:10 BST on Tuesday . Initially South Wales Police said the deaths were being treated as unexplained . But after a post-mortem examination , it said the deaths were not suspicious .	An elderly couple who were found dead at a home in Rhondda Cynon Taff died from natural causes , police have said .
Seven authors from across the globe have been shortlisted and the Â£30,000 prize winner will be announced at the National Waterfront Museum in Swansea . The age limit has been raised from 30 to 39 - Thomas 's age when he died . This year marks the centenary of the Swansea-born poet 's birth and a host of events have taken place to mark it . One of the shortlisted authors , Eleanor Catton , said : `` The really exciting thing about the prize is that it celebrates young writers . '' The shortlist is : The seven writers in the running for the prize come from Wales , England , Ireland , Jamaica , the United States , Russia and New Zealand .	The winner of the International Dylan Thomas Prize , a competition for young writers , will be announced on Thursday .
The horse - the first novice to win the Gold Cup for over 40 years - will miss the festive meetings . Some reports have suggested the eight-year-old is out for the season . Sara Bradstock , wife of trainer Mark , told the Racing Post , `` Coneygree wo n't run in the King George ( at Kempton on Boxing Day ) having sustained a new injury . '' She added : `` He 's being assessed by vets this morning . ''	Coneygree , who won the Cheltenham Gold Cup in March , has been sidelined until next year with an injury .
Twitter was bidding against a number of companies , including Verizon , Yahoo and Amazon , to win the rights . Facebook dropped out of the bidding last week . `` Twitter is where live events unfold and is the right partner for the NFL , '' said NFL commissioner Roger Goodell . The NFL signed a multi-year partnership with Twitter last year to deliver daily video and other content to fans . Television viewers will still be able to watch live games and highlights packages under existing partnerships with traditional broadcasters . In the UK , the NFL signed a five-year deal with Sky last year , while the BBC has a two-year deal to show international series games in London and the Super Bowl , as well as a weekly highlights show and digital clips . As part of the the NFL 's new agreement with Twitter , the social media platform will stream live video of 10 Thursday games to its 800 million users . The deal also includes in-game highlights and pre-game Periscope broadcasts from players and teams . `` There is a massive amount of NFL-related conversation happening on Twitter during our games , '' said Goodell . `` People watch NFL games with Twitter today , '' said Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey . `` Now they 'll be able to watch right on Twitter Thursday nights . '' Last season , the NFL carried out a live streaming trial of a regular-season NFL game with Yahoo .	Twitter has agreed a deal to broadcast Thursday night NFL games online across the world for free .
It received a distress call at 18:30 BST that a crew member of a merchant vessel had fallen overboard 30 miles south east of Selsey Bill , West Sussex . A rescue helicopter from Lee-on-Solent and RNLI lifeboats from Newhaven and Shoreham have been dispatched . Several merchant vessels were also heading to the area .	Two lifeboats and a helicopter have been sent to search for a crewman missing in the Channel , the UK coastguard said .
Some drivers claimed they were stuck seven hours after the crash at 14:30 BST on Thursday on the southbound stretch , between junctions 34 and 33 . The carriageway needed resurfacing because powdered cement from one lorry mixed with diesel oil from another . One lane opened overnight and the other two reopened at 08:20 BST . Water was handed out to drivers by police officers . A major clean-up operation was needed as one of the lorries spilled its load of 30 tonnes of cement powder on the carriageway , between the Lancaster and Galgate junctions . A Highways Agency spokesman said : `` Several hundred gallons of diesel from the other lorry got mixed in with the powder and it set , causing considerable damage to the road surface . '' The Highways Agency said it had started a full investigation into why it took so long to get the traffic moving . Nobody was seriously injured . Drivers who contacted the BBC wanted to know why they were allowed to join the motorway once the tailback developed and complained about the lack of information . The Highways Agency said the closure of the carriageway was publicised in broadcast traffic bulletins very shortly after the accident happened and in a news release at 17:00 telling people what to expect .	The Highways Agency is investigating why hundreds of vehicles were stranded on the M6 in Lancashire after two lorries and a car crashed .
The 9ft 3in ( 2.8m ) bridge in Birmingham 's Dale End , which gets lower towards the centre , was struck at about 10:10 GMT . The male driver was shaken but unhurt and was on the phone to bosses to explain what had happened . Two lorries also became wedged in the same spot in February and June . The 7.5-ton Isuzu commercial vehicle hit the underside of the overpass , which takes bus traffic in and out of the city centre . More Birmingham and Black Country stories	A lorry driver was left red-faced after his vehicle got wedged under a concrete overpass - the third to do so this year .
The con-artists often adopt the persona of someone in authority such as a police officer or a fraud detection manager , transcripts have shown . The Take Five campaign , which raises awareness of scams , asked a speech pattern analyst to study calls . Dr Paul Breen said fraudsters use a variety of techniques to garner trust . `` The process used by fraudsters is carefully scripted from beginning to end - knowing the language fraudsters will use to mimic patterns of trust can help people to avoid becoming a victim , '' he said . He found that while many people are more likely to trust a stranger over the phone if they sound like a `` nice person '' , a caller acknowledging someone 's concerns and sounding apologetic can be the hallmark of a scam . Analysis suggested that fraudsters use snippets of information about their victims , remain patient and acknowledge concerns about security to gain the trust of the person being called . Cases of identity fraud have been rising , with young people a growing target , often after people give up personal information to someone pretending to be from their bank , the police or a retailer .	Cold-calling fraudsters use an urgent tempo of conversation or apologetic language to convince victims they are genuine , research has suggested .
The reigning Premier League champions are in real danger of relegation as they sit just one place and one point above the bottom three after a run of five successive defeats . The Foxes issued a statement last week backing their Italian manager . `` I do n't see how Ranieri can keep his job , '' Sutton told BBC Radio 5 live . `` Had they finished 12th last season and they were on this run of form everyone would be saying he has to go . Football is a ruthless business . The players are not playing for him . `` I think they are in absolutely enormous trouble . '' If Leicester go down , they would be the first defending top-flight champions to be relegated since Manchester City in 1938 . They have not won a Premier League game in 2017 or scored a league goal . Listen to Sutton on Leicester , Manchester City and Liverpool on the BBC Radio 5 live podcast	Leicester City are taking a `` huge risk '' keeping Claudio Ranieri as manager , says former Blackburn Rovers striker Chris Sutton .
Aberdeen City Council said a `` full assessment '' of buildings was being carried out , and the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service would be consulted . The bin areas are often the target of wilful fire-raising incidents . A number of measures are being considered and no decisions have been made . At least 79 people are believed to have died in the Grenfell Tower blaze . Cladding is thought to have contributed to the rapid spread of the fire . A council spokeswoman said : `` We are carrying out a full assessment on each building and once we have an outcome from the assessments , we will liaise with Scottish Fire and Rescue colleagues , and any measures taken will be in consultation with them . `` Our focus remains in the safety of our residents and tenants . '' Meanwhile , NHS Grampian said it was currently reviewing its buildings to determine if any further action was needed . The University of Aberdeen , Robert Gordon University ( RGU ) and North East of Scotland College are also carrying out checks .	Sprinkler systems could be installed in the communal bin storage rooms of Aberdeen 's tower blocks in the wake of the Grenfell Tower disaster .
Blues boss Gianfranco Zola has also looked at Derby striker Johnny Russell and Swansea winger Wayne Routledge . But Spaniard Nsue , 27 , who won promotion to the Premier League with Middlesbrough last season and Frenchman Keita , 20 , top his list of targets . `` Emilio has already won this league , '' Zola told BBC WM . `` He is one of the players we have had a look at but he is not the only one . `` Cheick is very highly rated in Italy and one we have kept an eye on . Juventus and Torino are following him , so he is a valuable player . '' Birmingham are interested in former Aston Villa player Routledge , 32 , but believe that Swansea , who made two signings on Tuesday , are not really open to selling him . `` Several clubs are interested , '' said Zola . `` But it is hard work trying to sign players from the Premier League . `` It 's an interest but we will see what happens . Other teams are looking at the same players . '' On 26-year-old Glaswegian Russell , the Birmingham boss added : `` Johnny is a very good player who plays in the position we are looking at . ''	Birmingham City are closing in on deals to sign Middlesbrough 's Emilio Nsue and fellow full-back Cheick Keita from Italian Serie B side Virtus Entella .
A spokesperson for the supermarket said that up to 10 % of customer orders had been affected . Many customers took to social media to complain that their grocery orders had not arrived as scheduled . One said that his order was cancelled at short notice , and the delivery could not be re-arranged . `` We 're currently experiencing an IT issue which is affecting some grocery home shopping orders , '' a Tesco spokesperson said . `` We 're working hard to fix this problem and apologise to customers for any inconvenience this may cause . '' The problem was affecting the picking of orders in a number of stores , he added . He said customers were being told to re-arrange their deliveries online . Those affected were offered a Â£10 voucher in compensation .	Thousands of Tesco customers have had home deliveries cancelled as a result of a computer glitch that is affecting services nationwide .
The previous facility at Bootham Park hospital closed after inspectors found it unsafe . People needing inpatient treatment since Bootham Park was closed have had to travel to Middlesbrough , about 50 miles ( 80km ) away . The new Peppermill Court in North Yorkshire had been due to open earlier this year but was delayed for various reasons , including a fire in August . More on this and other stories from North Yorkshire Ruth Hill , of Tees , Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Trust , said : `` We understand how difficult it 's been for service users and their families . `` Over the last 12 months we 've done all we can to support people , including helping with travel arrangements and costs but we know it has n't been easy . '' The trust is in consultation about a permanent hospital to replace Bootham Park and hopes to open a 60-bed facility in 2019 . The Leeds and York Partnership NHS Trust was given five days notice to close the Grade-I listed hospital , in September 2015 after inspectors said there were serious risks to patients poor hygiene and not enough staff . The Tees Esk and Wear Valley NHS Trust took over mental health services in the Vale of York on 1 October .	A temporary 24-bed mental health hospital is to open in York .
Following a tip off , police searched the property in North Elgin Street , in the Whitecrook area , on Thursday . A woman aged 58 , two men aged 17 and a 61-year-old man were arrested in connection with alleged drugs offences . All four were expected to appear from custody at Dumbarton Sheriff Court on Friday .	Four people have been arrested after amphetamine , cocaine and cannabis worth £11,000 was seized at an address in Clydebank .
Total revenue rose 26 % to £1.7bn , including a 222 % increase in China . Dyson opened in China three years ago , selling vacuum cleaners and humidifiers but expanded its range to include purifiers in the last 12 months . In December , Beijing was forced to issue two `` red '' warnings over hazardous smog levels , which boosted demand for Dyson 's products the firm said . Dyson said total sales of its environmental control products grew by 35 % over the year , underpinned by strong growth in Asia , and it expects demand for purifiers to increase in 2016 . Profit for the year , measured as earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortisation , rose by 19 % to £448m . The company also lifted investment in new technologies by 23.5 % to £206m and this year will open the first phase of its research , design and development campus in Malmesbury , Wiltshire as part of a £250m expansion of Dyson 's headquarters . Founder Sir James Dyson said : `` By ramping up our investment in technology and expanding research and development we are developing machines that perform better and disrupt the status quo . ''	Sales at the engineering firm Dyson rose by more than a quarter in 2015 , helped by a tripling of sales in China .
Two clubs , Sowerby Bridge in West Yorkshire and Appleby Eden in Cumbria , have yet to return to their grounds . And 130-year-old Corbridge Cricket Club had to have their clubhouse demolished as a result of Storm Desmond . The England and Wales Cricket Board distributed more than £1m in emergency funding to clubs last year . And the ECB has also earmarked £1.6m for 2017 . The `` Weather Warning '' report , which comes from the Climate Coalition , is backed by more than 100 organisations including the WWF-UK , the RSPB , the National Trust and the Women 's Institute . Professor Piers Forster , director of the Priestley Centre for Climate , which analysed the report , said science could now show that climate change made the record wet weather in December 2015 more likely .	Storms in December 2015 linked to climate change caused more than £3.5m worth of damage to cricket clubs in the UK , says a report .
The 59-year-old Australian , who won the Open in 1986 and 1993 , posted a picture of himself recovering at a US hospital . The former world number one , who last week posted a photo of himself cutting back a small tree , tweeted : `` Working with a chainsaw ALWAYS be respectful of the unexpected . `` I was one lucky man today . Damaged but not down & out . Still have left hand . '' Norman , nicknamed The ( Great White ) Shark because of his distinctive blond hair and aggressive style of play , led the world rankings for a total of 331 weeks in the 1980s and 1990s . As well as his major wins at Turnberry and Royal St George 's , he finished runner-up in two US Opens , a pair of US PGAs and three Masters . In 1996 he famously blew a six-shot lead at Augusta to hand victory to England 's Nick Faldo .	Greg Norman is recovering in hospital after almost losing his left hand in a chainsaw accident .
The A985 at Valleyfield was closed in both directions following the incident at about 07:00 . It involved a Vauxhall Astra travelling east and a westbound Peugeot Boxer . Police said a 56-year-old man was also treated at the scene . Traffic was diverted via the A977 while emergency services investigated the crash . The road reopened at 11:50 .	A 25-year-old man is being treated in hospital for serious injuries after a two-car crash in Fife .
The special maps , called Tate Worlds , are based on real-life pictures and sculptures on display at the Tate gallery . Each world is different , and has many challenges and activities based on the theme of the artwork . Paintings such as Soul of the Soulless City by Christopher Nevinson have been turned into a playable world . It shows 1920s New York , with towering skyscrapers and a rollercoaster train ride . Martin went to chat to one of the Minecraft experts who helped to build the special maps to find out more .	A famous art gallery has teamed up with Minecraft experts to create 3D worlds inspired by paintings .
The newest instalment of the franchise , which stars Harrison Ford in the title role , is scheduled for release in 2019 . Spielberg told Hollywood Reporter : `` The one thing I will tell you is I 'm not killing off Harrison at the end of it . '' He has directed all four of the previous films in the series , and is `` super excited '' about the new project . `` I think this one is straight down the pike for the fans , '' he said . The as-yet-untitled film will come 11 years after the most recent movie in the series , 2008 's Kingdom of the Crystal Skull . Ford , also known for his work as Han Solo in the Star Wars films , will be 77 when the new instalment arrives in cinemas . Earlier this year , Ford told the BBC : `` I 've always thought there was an opportunity to do another . But I did n't want to do it without Steven [ Spielberg ] . `` And I did n't want to do it without a really good script . And happily we 're working on both . '' He added : `` Steven is developing a script now that I think we 're going to be very happy with . ''	Indiana Jones will not be killed off in the fifth film , director Steven Spielberg has confirmed .
Reece Cullen died in hospital on Thursday after being injured at a house in Kilclare Crescent in Jobstown at about 15:00 local time . Police have said the boy was arrested in Tallaght on Friday morning . The area is to be searched by police on Friday . The weapon used in the incident has not been recovered .	A teenager has been arrested over the fatal stabbing of a 17-year-old boy in Tallaght in County Dublin .
A second boy suffered burns and a suspected broken arm after being injured at a railway depot in the West Midlands . The two 13-year-olds were among four children said to be playing near tracks next to parkland in Wednesbury , West Midlands Ambulance Service said . British Transport Police said they were injured in an out-of-bounds area . See more stories from across Birmingham and the Black Country here The incident happened at 11:45 BST on Thursday . Both injured boys were taken to Birmingham Children 's Hospital , one by air ambulance . British Transport Police said it is understood one boy was on the site when electricity arced from an overhead line and struck one side of his body . They said the second injured boy was with him at the time . Insp Jacqui Wilson said : `` We are doing all we can to understand exactly what led to them becoming injured at the depot but what we do know is that they were inside the boundary of the site - an area out of bounds to the public - when it happened . '' London Midland said it happened near the railway between Bescot Stadium in Walsall and Tame Bridge Parkway .	A teenage boy electrocuted near a railway line has suffered `` life-changing '' injuries , police said .
Mr Javid hit back at unions , who protested about the Trade Union Bill outside the Conservative Party conference in Manchester . He also said he would not `` turn a blind eye to bad practice '' in business . And he repeated the Tories ' claim to be the `` only party for working people '' . Labour had `` better get used to it '' , he added . The `` bad practice '' Mr Javid highlighted included companies not paying their fair share of tax , banks rigging interest rates or a car company `` cheating '' on emissions . `` Free enterprise is not a free-for-all , '' he said . Defending the union reforms , he added : `` For too long , trade unions have been able to bully working people by striking , even though only a small number of their members have voted for strike action . `` So we are introducing new laws to ensure working people 's lives are n't unfairly disrupted . ''	Business Secretary Sajid Javid says the government 's trade union reforms will prevent people from being `` bullied '' by striking workers .
The incident happened on the cycle path near Leith Links on Saturday at about 16:30 when a passing cyclist deliberately kicked the little girl . The toddler was walking with her father and both had moved out of the way to give the cyclist room . The cyclist was white , in his mid 20s and of medium build . He was clean-shaven and had dark scruffy hair . He also had dark circles under his eyes . He was wearing dark jeans and a black hooded jacket , and was riding a silver mountain bike . Officers are now urging witnesses to come forward . Sgt Mark Wilson , of Police Scotland , said : `` Thankfully the child was not seriously injured but this was still a distressing and inexplicable incident . `` We are keen to speak to anyone with information that can help us with our inquiries and assist us to trace this suspect . ''	A cyclist who was seen kicking a 19-month-old girl in Edinburgh is being sought by police .
6 July 2016 Last updated at 14:38 BST 5 liveâ€™s James Shaw , who reported from the war in 2003 , goes through the main findings .	If you donâ€™t have time to read all 2.6 million words of Sir John Chilcotâ€™s Iraq inquiry , try our 60-second summary .
Record labels Warner and Universal sued VKontakte ( VK ) in 2014 , demanding the removal of the pirated music and 50 million rubles ( $ 1.4m ) in damages . The court ruling goes one step further by asking it to install preventative technology . In July , VKontakte reached a settlement with Sony Music . The Russian social network is something of an anomaly in the market , according to the body which represents the music industry , IFPI . It told the BBC that VK is one of the few widely used social networks to still make pirated music available . It had requested that the social network be forced to use fingerprint technology which could match uploaded music against a file of copyright music to filter out all pirated tracks . It is unclear yet what technology will be used by VK but IFPI said that the ruling was good news for rights holders in Russia . `` This is a very important and positive decision for the Russian music market and for music creators in Russia , '' said IFPI chief executive Frances Moore . `` VK 's infringing music service has been a huge obstacle to the development of a licensed business in Russia , making available hundreds of thousands of copyright-infringing tracks to more than 70 million daily users . ''	A Russian social network , notorious for streaming pirated music , has been ordered by a court to use technology to prevent future copyright infringement .
The 23-year-old Senegal international , a target for the Red Devils , played the full 90 minutes as Saints drew 1-1 with Midtjylland in their Europa League play-off first leg at St Mary 's . `` We 're not selling any more players , '' said Koeman after Thursday 's game . `` Write what you want to about the rumours until 1 September , nobody is going to leave Southampton . '' Mane scored 10 goals in 32 appearances last season after joining Saints for £10m from Red Bull Salzburg , including the fastest ever Premier League hat-trick . Koeman added : `` The situation is so easy and we have to deal with it . I do n't like it as maybe players are thinking they 're not fully focused on what they have to do . `` There 's no bid for any player . Not for Sadio Mane , not for Victor Wanyama . `` We have to deal with rumours among the press . There 's no bid for any player and no contact from any club . '' Midfielder Wanyama , 24 , has been linked with Tottenham .	Southampton will not sell forward Sadio Mane to Manchester United , insists Saints boss Ronald Koeman .
Jack Redshaw headed the Seasiders in front on 34 minutes before being sent off for a rash challenge on David Fox . Crewe levelled through Marcus Haber 's neat flick on 83 minutes before Tom Aldred 's deflected shot restored Blackpool 's advantage 60 seconds later . Brad Potts then fouled Tom Hitchcock in the box , but top scorer Inman blazed the resulting penalty over the bar . Blackpool climb two places to 20th , one point above the drop zone , while Crewe stay 23rd , now eight points from safety , having not won in eight matches .	Brad Inman 's last-minute penalty miss handed 10-man Blackpool a vital League One win over fellow strugglers Crewe .
Liberty British Aluminium , which took over the running of the Lochaber Smelter near Fort William last year , also plans to construct a rolling mill . The company has informed Highland Council of its plan to submit a planning application for the new facilities at a later date . About 170 people are employed at the site . In December , plans were announced to create up to 600 jobs and invest Â£120m in the yard . Liberty British Aluminium took over the smelter from Rio Tinto in a Â£330m deal .	Facilities for making alloy wheels have been proposed for the UK 's last remaining aluminium smelter yard .
Tom Gray of Belfast software firm Kainos said more investment was needed to produce skilled workers . He said that Northern Ireland was competing with the rest of the world . `` The fact that we may have budgetary issues has no impact on what the rest of the world is doing , '' told the BBC 's Inside Business programme . `` They do n't care what we 're doing . `` If we do n't invest and move forward , we 're just going to fall behind everybody else . '' Earlier this month , Employment and Learning Minister Stephen Farry warned that the way that higher education is funded in Northern Ireland was `` no longer sustainable '' . He launched a consultation to try to find agreement on how universities should be paid for . Inside Business is on BBC Radio Ulster and Radio Foyle at 13:30 BST on Sunday .	Northern Ireland is in danger of being left behind if there are further cuts to the higher education budget , a leading technology expert has warned .
14 June 2017 Last updated at 13:45 BST Hundreds of pelicans there have been seriously poorly due to a poisonous algae that has been growing far too quickly in the waters where they live . While small amounts of this algae are fine , the pelicans have big appetites and too much of the green stuff makes them so ill they ca n't swim or fly . So wildlife reserves are nursing them back to health and then setting them free when their tummies are better . Check this out .	Poorly pelicans have been released into the wild , after being helped back to health in California , America .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 19 September 2015 Last updated at 00:06 BST As Britain struggles to solve its housing shortage crisis , experts have been looking at the best solutions to building new homes . Professor Philip Oldfield and the Sustainable Tall Buildings Design Lab at the University of Nottingham have been trying to predict what new houses will look like in 2050 . A specially-commissioned animated film for BBC Inside Out shows a variety of approaches to how our homes might look in 40 years ' time . The homes of tomorrow could range from sky-high apartments in vertical villages to flat-pack , pre-fabricated housing and eco homes . Inside Out is broadcast on BBC One on Monday , 21 September at 19:30 BST and nationwide for 30 days thereafter on the iPlayer .	What will the house of the future look like ?
Young , James Wait and Cameron Coxe are second year apprentices who have been offered first year professional contracts . They will follow Mark Harris in signing professional deals . Scott Young played 275 games for Cardiff and scored the winner in the 2-1 FA Cup win over Leeds United in 2002 . He had a brief spell as caretaker manager of the club in 2014 and now works in the club 's Academy .	Connor Young , son of former Cardiff City defender Scott Young , has been offered a professional deal by the Championship club .
Leeroy Bailey , 35 , who was part of a troupe that reached the last show in the first series , was released on bail after a five-minute hearing at Warwick Crown Court . He denied one charge of neglecting a child in a manner likely to cause suffering or injury to health , alleged to have occurred in February this year . A trial is set for February 2017 . More on this and other stories from Coventry and Warwickshire Mr Bailey , from Foleshill in Coventry , is a specialist in breakdance and disco , and has also worked as an actor , teacher and model . He was arrested by West Midlands Police in February and charged in April .	A dancer who reached the final of Britain 's Got Talent in 2007 is to face trial accused of neglecting a child .
The man , in his 30s , died at the scene in Latimer Close , on Ransomes Europark , at about 04:40 GMT . Suffolk Police said they were treating the death as a fatal road traffic collision and had informed the Health and Safety Executive . Officers believe no-one else was involved in the incident . The driver is believed to have worked for Essex Tankers Ltd. An inquest will be held later .	A fuel tanker driver who died at an industrial estate on the outskirts of Ipswich was found trapped between a lorry and a gate , police said .
The 19-year-old German beat his 32-year-old Swiss opponent , the world number three , 4-6 6-2 6-1 , setting up a tie with Nick Kyrgios or David Goffin . Rafael Nadal also made it through , defeating France 's Nicolas Mahut 6-4 7-6 ( 7-4 ) . He plays American Jack Sock . And Roger Federer beat Roberto Bautista Agut to continue his excellent form . The Swiss , 35 , secured a 16th win from 17 matches in 2017 with a 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 7-6 ( 7-4 ) victory to set up a meeting with Tomas Berdych , who beat Adrian Mannarino of France 6-3 7-5 . Earlier on Tuesday , last year 's defeated finalist Kei Nishikori of Japan booked his quarter-final spot with a 6-3 4-6 6-3 victory over Argentina 's Federico Delbonis . The 27-year-old , who lost to Novak Djokovic in last year 's final , will face Fabio Fognini , who beat American Donald Young 6-0 6-4 .	Alexander Zverev came from a set down to knock out top seed Stan Wawrinka and reach the quarter-finals at the Miami Open .
The 21-year-old made his Premier League debut against Burnley in October . He made his first Saints start against Inter Milan at the San Siro in the Europa League four days later and has now agreed new terms until 2021 . `` The last couple of months have been amazing for me and this new contract really just rounds that off , '' said McQueen . Southampton 's executive director of football Les Reed said : `` Having come through the club 's academy alongside James Ward-Prowse and Harrison Reed , Sam is yet another example of our philosophy to bring players through from the academy and into the first team . ''	Southampton defender Sam McQueen has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract with the club .
Koscielny , signed in 2010 , has been a key component of a defence that helped secure fourth spot in the Premier League and reach the FA Cup final . `` I am very proud to have reached agreement with the club on a new contract , '' said the 28-year-old . `` I have enjoyed four great years at Arsenal already , and I look forward to continuing to help the team in the years to come . '' Arsenal have kept 15 clean sheets in Koscielny 's 31 league games this term , which has helped ensure the Gunners have qualified for the Champions League for a 17th consecutive season . `` Laurent has proven himself to be an outstanding player since joining us in 2010 and has showed his quality once again this season , '' said Wenger . `` I am delighted he has decided to commit his future to the club . ''	Arsenal defender Laurent Koscielny has signed a new long-term contract .
100 Women 2015 This year 's season features two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 's 100 Women this year and others who are defying stereotypes around the world . Like us on Facebook and follow us on Instagram using the hashtag # 100Women . Listen to the programmes here .	For International Men 's Day , the BBC 's 100 Women salutes 10 men who champion gender equality .
Caer Heritage Project was awarded the cash from the Heritage Lottery Fund to develop its plans for Caerau hillfort . Plans include turning a disused gospel hall into a heritage centre and improving access to the site . Caer co-director Dr Dave Wyatt , of Cardiff University , said the `` significant '' site `` remains poorly understood and largely unknown '' . In 2015 , an excavation of the hillfort revealed a Neolithic causeway enclosure and one of the largest collections of pottery from the period ever discovered in Wales , suggesting it could date back 6,000 years . It is hoped the grant will also help people in the area develop a better understanding of the hillfort and its significance .	A £157,000 grant has been awarded to help access and information at a hillfort in Cardiff .
Scottish Borders Council said it was designed to help it advance plans for the scheme in Duns . The survey on the Â£1.65m project is available via the local authority 's website . Plans were lodged for the museum last week but the council said it now wanted public feedback . Councillor Vicky Davidson said : `` I am delighted that the planning application has now been lodged and we 've reached another milestone towards providing a bigger and better Jim Clark museum . `` As part of developing the wider museum we would like to hear ideas from both local people and visitors about what they think about the current memorial room and what new exhibits , fixtures or events they would like to see featured in the new museum in future . `` I would encourage anyone with an interest to take this short survey and help shape the proposals for a museum that will not only attract even more visitors to the area but which will also do justice to Jim Clark 's incredible achievements . ''	A survey is seeking public views on plans for a museum celebrating the achievements of two-time Formula One world champion Jim Clark .
RNLI Loch Ness was alerted to the incident near Invermoriston just before 18:30 on Thursday . Police , ambulance and fire service personnel were also called to the scene . The casualty , who was seriously injured , was lifted from the gorge on a stretcher and airlifted to hospital . The biker 's condition in Raigmore Hospital in Inverness was not known .	Lifeboat and coastguard volunteers have been involved in the rescue of a biker who crashed and landed in a gorge near Loch Ness .
A win for the visitors would have taken them above Ayr United into second but Joe Cardle 's strike condemned them to a sixth straight loss . Cardle netted the winner when he converted from Ryan Wallace 's pass . The Pars go up to the Championship having finished 18 points clear , while Peterhead will take on Ayr in the promotion play-off semi-final .	Champions Dunfermline Athletic beat Peterhead before being presented with the Scottish League One trophy .
Hundreds of homes and businesses were damaged when a record amount of rain fell during the weekend of 5 December . Prince Charles began his tour in Carlisle , where he met residents who had been flooded out of their homes in Warwick Road , and viewed the ongoing clean-up . Six years ago he visited the same area following major flooding . He toured the McVitie 's factory , one of Carlisle 's largest employers , and will later meet members of the emergency services and charities who supported those affected . More news on Prince Charles ' visit . Councillor Steve Layden , Carlisle 's Mayor , said : `` Many people , householders and businesses are still suffering . `` It means a great deal for them that the future king has come to see how they are getting on . '' A Clarence House spokeswoman said : `` The visit will recognise the efforts of those who helped in the relief operation as well as showing the progress of repair work as local communities prepare for Christmas and look ahead to the New Year . ''	The Prince of Wales has visited communities in Cumbria hit by the flooding caused by Storm Desmond .
A Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command-led operation resulted in two men - aged 35 and 32 - being held in north Manchester and Bury respectively . Both men were arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit fraud . Greater Manchester Police ( GMP ) said two men and two women have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to defraud . In the Met-led operation , officers searched two properties , as well as another house and a business address in Manchester . Both men arrested were detained for questioning . GMP said the other arrests were part of a separate investigation , and would not reveal the ages or addresses of the four being detained .	Six people have been arrested following counter-terrorism investigations into online fraud .
In a poignant reminder political careers can come to an abrupt halt , the building once occupied by Ben Gummer contains packing boxes and bags . At the back of the building , perched on a wooden pallet , sits a billboard depicting Mr Gummer . He lost out to Labour for the Ipswich seat in June by fewer than 1,000 votes . Mr Gummer had held the seat for seven years before losing to Sandy Martin in the general election . At the time , he said : `` I 've learned so much from being a member of parliament , more than I could ever have hoped to have learnt in another role , and I feel a better person for it with broader opportunities and views than I otherwise would have had . '' His old office in Fore Street is being advertised by Goldings Auctions with a guide price of Â£60,000 . The BBC understands the lease was up at the Grade II-listed building before the general election . According to the estate agent , the freehold property offers an opportunity for `` a new lease of life '' .	The constituency office of the MP who wrote the Tories ' manifesto is up for sale , photographed complete with discarded election paraphernalia .
Super Mario Run will be released in Apple 's App Store on 15 December , with users having to pay $ 10 ( £8 ) for the full game . Nintendo , which announced the tie-up last month , saw its shares jump by as much as 5 % . It hopes to build on the global success of its Pokemon Go app from earlier this year . But because Pokemon was free to download , analysts said it did not generate as much money for the firm as it could have done . Nintendo plans to move Super Mario into movies When Japan 's PM appeared as Mario Smartphones are the gaming industry 's fastest growing source of revenue and the Japanese firm has been criticised for being slow on the uptake . It has promised to to unveil more gaming titles by March 2017 , with an Android version of Super Mario Run also planned .	Shares in Nintendo have climbed after it announced a launch date for its new Super Mario game for the iPhone .
Officers found 53-year-old Andrena Douglas dead in her home in Stewarton , at about 06:20 on Thursday . They had gone there to tell her that her partner had been seriously injured following a fire at nearby Peacockbank Farm , Stewarton , at about 05:15 . Ms Douglas 's partner is seriously ill and had been unable to speak to police . Det Insp Martin Fergus said : `` What we need to do is establish what happened between 2000 hours on Wednesday 8 June when Ms Douglas was last seen and 0600 hours on Thursday morning ( 9 June ) when she was found . `` To this end , I would appeal to anyone who was in the area , who may have seen any suspicious activity - whether that be a vehicle or someone on foot in the area - to contact police . '' He added : `` How and why the fire started has still to be established and a joint investigation between police and Scottish Fire and Rescue is under way . '' He urged anyone with information to contact police or Crimestoppers .	Detectives investigating the murder of a woman in Ayrshire have said they are linking it to a fire in which her partner was seriously injured .
The 18-year-old joins Formula 1 drivers Pascal Wehrlein and Esteban Ocon as the third member of the scheme . Russell , who finished third in the European Formula 3 championship last season , will race in the GP3 feeder series with the leading ART team . `` It 's a dream come true , '' Russell told BBC Radio Norfolk . `` The real hard work starts now . '' Russell , who lives in King 's Lynn , added : `` It 's quite comforting knowing that if I do the job , I 'm quite confident I will get the opportunity from Mercedes to further my career . '' Mercedes F1 team boss Toto Wolff said : `` George has shown impressive form in the junior categories and we 've been keeping a close eye on him for a while now . It 's still early days in his career but we see great potential in him . ''	Briton George Russell has been signed to world champions Mercedes ' young driver development programme .
Walker , son of Reds legend Des , made his Forest debut in March and the 18-year-old scored his first senior goal in the draw against Brentford in April . Forest 's teenage Swedish goalkeeper Tim Erlandsson has also penned a three-year professional contract with the club . The 18-year-old spent last season in Forest 's successful Under-18 team while on loan from Halmstads BK .	Nottingham Forest striker Tyler Walker has signed a new four-year deal with the Championship club .
Tahir Alam resigned as Park View Educational Trust chairman on Tuesday . The trust has been in the spotlight since allegations emerged about hardline Muslims trying to extend their influence in schools . Mr Alam said he intended to continue his career in education and make a difference to the lives of children . Speaking about the impact of the allegations , he said : `` It has been quite shocking ; difficult for me , difficult for my family . `` My reputation has been damaged . I 've been painted as a sinister character when , in fact , I work very openly in education . `` What I have done is very transparent and open . ''	The man at the centre of the alleged Trojan Horse school takeover plot in Birmingham has said he has been unfairly painted as a sinister person .
Prentice , 24 , scored 1,323 points in the fencing , swimming horse riding and combined run and shoot . Laura Asadauskaite of Lithuania took the title on 1,364 points , ahead of Margaux Isaksen of the United States . Britain 's Francesca Summers was 14th . Britain 's Joe Evans was 15th in the men 's event , with James Cooke 32nd . Latvia 's Ruslan Nakonechnyi won .	Britain 's Freyja Prentice has finished third in the Egypt leg of the modern pentathlon World Cup .
The fraud was uncovered when identity papers and fingerprints provided for different tests did not match up , a police official told AFP news agency . The arrests were reportedly made over the last fortnight . Photographs of mass cheating in Bihar 's secondary school exams provoked an outcry earlier this month . More than 300 people , many of them parents , were arrested after the publication of the pictures . Last year , some 150 people were arrested in Bihar for cheating in a written exam for police constables , Indian media say . However , a Bihar police official told the Times of India newspaper that the latest round of arrests is the largest ever made for impersonation . Most of the arrests are said to have been made when candidates showed up for physical fitness tests , which followed from a written test . Some 52,000 people were selected for the physical fitness test , according to Indian media , with the state government hoping to recruit around 12,000 police constables from their ranks .	More than 1,000 men have reportedly been arrested in India 's Bihar state over the use of impersonators and false papers for police recruitment tests .
The artworks are from Dundee 's Oor Wullie Bucket Trail , which celebrates one of Scotland 's best-known comic strip characters . Inverness 's mini trail will be in place until 14 August . Four of the sculptures are at Inverness Botanic Gardens , two at the city 's library and two at Inverness Museum and Art Gallery . A sculpture has also been placed at Inverness Leisure Centre , one at the Highland Archive Centre and one at Inverness Railway Station . Oor Wullie strips and books are published by DC Thomson . The character is famous for his musings and narrations delivered while sitting on an upturned bucket .	Eleven Oor Wullie sculptures have been installed at various locations around Inverness .
David Mulligan , 26 , Fitri Yarasir , 52 , Ahmet Taskin , 45 , and Mustafa Oflu , 56 , are charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs and the importation of a banned substance in Salford . They are due to appear at Salford and Manchester Magistrates ' Court later . A search is continuing at an industrial unit on Cobden Street , police said .	Four men have been charged after £20m of heroin was seized at an industrial unit in Greater Manchester .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 3 October 2015 Last updated at 08:54 BST They 're taking on one of the best teams on the planet in Australia - a week after to losing to Wales . The team say they can handle the pressure . But what do you think ? We spoke to some England and Wales fans .	Anything but a win today for England against Australia on Saturday will mean they are knocked out of the World Cup .
The options were the most popular in a consultation on how travel between Witney and Oxford could be improved . The plan to upgrade the Witney to Eynsham stretch and add bus lanes from there into Oxford will be considered by councillors next week . A new park and ride at Eynsham is already in the pipeline . Other options included in the public consultation included using the disused railway line between Witney and Oxford for a tram or guided bus or reopening it for trains . County council leader Ian Hudspeth said : `` What 's been put forward is a very good pragmatic solution . I know some people will say we should be looking at having a rail solution but the funding of that is just not realistic in the present climate . '' However , Hugh Jaegar , chairman of Bus Users Oxford action group , said widening roads was not the solution . `` We know that encouraging more cars and more HGVs leads to more emissions and eventually you just end up with a bigger traffic jam with twice as many lanes , '' he said . `` We 've got to break that spiral now and get everybody onto public transport . ''	A £54m plan to upgrade a congested section of the A40 in Oxfordshire to a dual carriageway and add a bus lane into Oxford has been unveiled .
New Zealand are attempting to retain the title they won in 2014 by beating world champions Australia 22-18 in a closely contested series . 14:30 GMT : The Final , Australia v New Zealand , Anfield , Liverpool - BBC One ( 14:00 ) , Red Button & BBC Radio 5 live sports extra 16:40 GMT : Four Nations Final Fans ' Forum , BBC Red Button	The BBC will bring you live TV and radio coverage of Sunday 's Four Nations final between defending champions New Zealand and arch-rivals Australia .
`` It is a significant technical event but it is not a nuclear accident , '' senior local official Olivier Marmion told AFP news agency . Five people reported feeling unwell but none was seriously injured . Flamanville has two nuclear reactors . A third one under construction is the model for a new reactor in the UK . The cause of the blast was not immediately known . One of the older reactors was shut down after the blast which , according to Ouest-France newspaper , happened in a machine room at about 10:00 ( 09:00 GMT ) . The incident was declared over at 11:00 . Britain 's proposed new plant , Hinkley Point C , is set to begin generating electricity in 2025 . Thursday 's explosion was reported by the prefecture in the Manche region , close to the Channel Islands . In 2015 , a weakness , believed to be a construction fault , was discovered in the steel housing the reactor core at the reactor under construction in Flamanville . The EPR water pressurised reactor being built at Flamanville , a third-generation design , is years behind schedule . Anti-nuclear activists have protested over the project , with at least 2,700 people turning out to demonstrate in October .	An explosion and fire have occurred at the Flamanville nuclear plant on France 's northern coast but there was no nuclear risk , officials say .
Neil Fingleton , who was 7ft 7in , died from a heart attack at home last month . In a service at Durham Cathedral the 36-year-old was described as someone who `` touched the lives '' of many . Canon Alan Bartlett , from his church in Gilesgate , said he remembered him as `` a politely spoken and gracious man who just happened to be a bit taller than most of us '' , rather than a global star . Mr Fingleton was a professional basketball player in the United States before becoming an actor . He played Mag The Mighty in the popular Game of Thrones TV fantasy series and also worked on X-Men and Dr Who , in which he played the Fisher King monster . A friend who met him in America , Phil Giarusso , said : `` The value of a person 's life is not in the things you accumulate , but the quality of your relationships , and Neil touched the lives of all of us . '' Mr Fingleton 's title as Britain 's tallest man was confirmed in 2007 . His mother said it could be a `` struggle for him at times '' but he had `` maintained his humility '' , Canon Bartlett told mourners at the service .	The funeral of Game Of Thrones actor and Britain 's tallest man has been attended by hundreds of mourners .
23 June 2015 Last updated at 11:56 BST Planning officers have recommended approval for the application for test fracking at Little Plumpton , but Roseacre Wood has been recommended for refusal . Fracking - or hydraulic fracturing - is a technique in which water and chemicals are pumped into shale rock at high pressure to extract gas . However , anti-fracking campaigners claim the process is harmful to the environment . BBC North West Tonight explains the process and explores the pros and cons .	Lancashire County Council is discussing applications to extract shale gas at two sites on the Fylde coast .
Formby lived at the house , named Beryldene after his wife , for nearly ten years until his death in 1961 . Members of the George Formby Society performed at the unveiling on Inner Promenade in Fairhaven . Marion Coupe , from the Lytham St Annes Civic Society , said she was `` amazed '' there was still so much interest in the entertainer . `` We did n't publicise the event , but so many people have got to hear about it , it 's wonderful , '' she said . The house , built in 1932 , was originally named Cintra and has another musical link - Formby bought it from tenor Joseph Locke . Formby , who was born George Hoy Booth in Wigan , Greater Manchester , in 1904 . He was a comedian , actor , singer and songwriter who appeared in 21 films and was awarded an OBE in 1946 for entertaining British and American troops during World War II .	A blue plaque has been unveiled at entertainer George Formby 's former home in St Annes , Lancashire .
The 23-year-old has made 19 appearances in all competitions for Michael Appleton 's side this season , scoring one goal . Ruffels , a former Coventry City trainee , was previously out of contract this summer . The U 's travel to Luton Town on Wednesday in the last four of the EFL Trophy .	Oxford United midfielder Josh Ruffels has signed a new contract with the club until the summer of 2018 .
They say consumers will be spending more in the run up to Christmas . The report shows consumer confidence levels bounced back in the third quarter of the year bringing the index to the highest level since 2008 . There was a dip in confidence earlier this year as a result of uncertainty surrounding the general election and ongoing problems at Stormont . Low inflation and rises in real wages means people are feeling better off and that they have more money in their pockets . Consumers are enjoying low prices for items like petrol , energy , food and drink . Confidence rose across all parts of Northern Ireland ; Belfast city is the most confident while the least confident areas are the south and the north west .	Consumer confidence in Northern is at its highest level since 2008 according to a report by Danske Bank .
Media playback is unsupported on your device 29 September 2015 Last updated at 18:35 BST Janice McAleese , who headed the Northern Ireland Events Company ( NIEC ) , fabricated documents to cover-up losses of £1.5m . BBC News NI 's business correspondent , Julian O'Neill , reports .	The Northern Ireland Audit Office has said the conduct of the former chief executive of a Stormont-funded company is the worst it has seen from a senior public official .
The week-long operation will see a large metal frame hoisted on to the building on Tuesday before white protective panels are fitted . The Grade-A listed structure has dried out over the summer since fire crews battled to contain a blaze on 23 May . The art school hopes to raise £20m to restore the iconic building . Firefighters managed to save about 90 % of the structure and 70 % of its contents , although the Mackintosh library was among the most badly-damaged areas . Glasgow School of Art ( GSA ) is hosting two symposia to explore key questions around the rebuilding of the historically important library . One will be held in Venice on 18 October , in Querini Stampalia , during the 2014 International Venice Architecture Biennale . The other will be held in Glasgow next spring .	A temporary roof is being installed on Glasgow School of Art 's fire-damaged Mackintosh building in a bid to keep it wind and watertight over the winter .
This is because of the expense of lavish weddings , which makes it difficult for them to tie the knot . Find out more For eating three loaves of bread , eight chapatis , 10 eggs , two raw cabbages and two bundles of raw green vegetable . The Daily Monitor tweeted a photo of Juma Kabigi 's efforts : Find out more There was a campaign in the 1960s by some Americans to change the name of East Palo Alto in California to Nairobi , which is the capital city of Kenya . Find out more Botswana photographer Fify Loewen told the BBC that she finds it difficult to get commercial products to treat her natural hair so she makes her own - raw honey , olive oil and coconut oil are also in her concoction . Find out more A Kenyan bar has created a new cocktail in honour of President Barack Obama 's visit to the East African nation . It includes arugula ( or rocket ) - one of the US leader 's favourite vegetables . Find out more	Some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Africa that we did not know last week :
18 November 2016 Last updated at 16:58 GMT They were n't allowed to choose themselves , but there seemed to be one popular choice ... Watch what they all had to say !	The celeb contestants tell Newsround 's Ayshah who they think could win Strictly Come Dancing .
The 62-year-old man fell from the summit of Robinson near Buttermere , while walking in the Lake District on Friday . Keswick Mountain Rescue Team called a coastguard helicopter which winched the injured man to a waiting air ambulance . The man is being treated at Carlisle 's Cumberland Infirmary . A rescue team spokesman said the man plunged into a gully while descending the north side of Robinson . `` The prompt response of both air crews saved a large amount of time and effort in recovering the casualty and gave him the best possible chance of a good outcome , '' he said .	A man who plunged 110ft ( 35m ) down a Cumbrian fell was rescued by two helicopters after suffering serious multiple injuries .
Drum lines were set up along seven Western Australian beaches as part of a trial between January and April . Fifty of the biggest sharks were destroyed . Authorities said the cull was necessary after six people were killed in shark attacks . No great white sharks , to whom most of the attacks were attributed , were caught . Australia 's state government said the cull was successfully restoring confidence among beachgoers . It is seeking to continue the programme for three more years . `` I think the strategy 's gone very well , bearing in mind that it 's a very broad strategy , and that 's basically to protect those people that swim in those popular areas , '' Western Australia Fisheries Minister Ken Baston said . `` While of course we will never know if any of the sharks caught would have harmed a person , this government will always place greatest value on human life . '' Protesters argue that a shark cull is not the answer and would only damage the sea 's delicate ecosystem . `` The policy is very unpopular , it has hardly caught any of the sharks it was destined to catch , '' said Labor fisheries spokesman Dave Kelly . `` What people want is scientific research to show why the government thinks this policy makes our beaches safer . ''	More than 170 sharks have been caught on lines under a controversial cull policy in Western Australia .
On Saturday , the Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) said that it would leave the Northern Ireland Executive . The party 's ruling body made the decision after police said Provisional IRA members were involved in murdering ex-IRA man Kevin McGuigan Sr. Sinn Féin 's denial that the IRA existed made it `` impossible to do business with them , '' party leader Mike Nesbitt said . Speaking to the Irish state broadcaster RTÉ , Mr Flanagan said there is no benefit in `` car crash politics '' . Difficult politics He said denials by Sinn Féin over the existence of the IRA were unhelpful and that people did not believe them . `` I believe that normal politics will only be introduced on this island fully if Sinn Féin uses its influence to ensure that the IRA is put firmly out of business . '' Mr Flanagan will meet with the Secretary of State Theresa Villiers next week . He will discuss a wide range of issues that are feeding towards `` a very difficult and grave situation '' .	Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan has described the political situation at Stormont as `` grave '' .
Rebekah Brooks , chief executive of Sun owner News UK , told staff in an email it would make its online stories `` largely free '' by the end of November . She said the plan would add readers . The Sun first started charging customers £2 a week in August 2013 . Other newspapers charging for access include News UK 's Times newspapers and the Financial Times . Ms Brooks rejoined Rupert Murdoch 's News UK in September a year after she was cleared of conspiracy to hack voicemails , conspiracy to pay public officials and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . She replaced Mike Darcey , who had previously worked for BSkyB . The Sun was first moved behind a paywall in August 2013 , although its sister paper the Times made the change in July 2010 , when Ms Brooks was in charge of the parent company . It was the only one of the tabloids to charge for online content . She said in the email : `` As of November 1 , Sun+ customers will no longer be billed for reading The Sun 's digital content and we will be transitioning to a largely free world by the end of the month . '' The Financial Times reported that among the paid-for features continuing would be the fantasy football game Dream Team .	The Sun will scrap the paywall on its website just over two years after it was introduced .
Lucien PÃ©rot , 69 , and Olivier Boudin , 38 , appear to have died as they were having a meal together . Their bodies were found on Thursday in the garden of Perot 's house in Authon-du-Perche , about 150km ( 90 miles ) south-west of Paris . One was sitting on a chair and the other lying down , prosecutors say . `` Their bodies showed no apparent sign of attack . They seem to have died simultaneously , '' the prosecutors told L ' Ã‰cho RÃ©publicain newspaper ( in French ) . They were found by a neighbour , who told the newspaper that she had seen the two friends eating in the garden the night before . Prosecutors added that they were considering a number of hypotheses , including a dual suicide , poisoning , or the possibility of the sudden death of one causing a fatal shock in the other .	French authorities are investigating the mysterious death of two friends whose bodies were found in a back garden bearing no sign of violence .
The common riding season got under way in the Borders on Friday with the horses out in Hawick . The 2017 Cornet Ali George and his Lass Katy Moffat led proceedings through the town . Hawick is one of a number of Borders towns to hold such celebrations throughout the summer months . They see a horseback group ride its way around the town 's historic boundaries as part of the ceremony .	All pictures by Dougie Johnston .
It alleged widespread fraud , including ballot boxes being stuffed and some 400 polling stations staying closed . This is the country 's second democratic presidential election since it gained independence from France in 1958 . Several people were killed in clashes during the election campaign . The main opposition leader , Cellou Dalein Diallo , said they will not accept the results , they will not give in and that they will protest . He was speaking at a press conference attended by the six other candidates challenging incumbent President Alpha Conde , who was standing for a second term . Mr Conde became president in 2010 in the country 's first democratic election after decades of fighting authoritarian regimes , during which he was sent into exile and prison . He defeated Mr Diallo in a run-off . The electoral commission says the results wo n't be announced until the end of this week .	Guinea 's opposition is calling for a re-run of Sunday 's presidential election even before the votes have been counted .
The company do n't know for sure whether any other chocolate bars are affected but they 're recalling the products just in case . Chocolates have been recalled in 55 European countries , including the UK . Product recalls like this are rare because the companies that make food have strict safety rules . In the UK the products affected include some packs of funsize Mars and Milky Way bars and boxes of Celebrations : People who have bought these chocolate bars should contact Mars customer service .	Chocolate maker Mars has asked people to return some sweets after a customer in Germany found bits of plastic in their Snickers bar .
The 70-year-old Spanish tenor will chair the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) . The music world was facing `` enormous changes and challenges '' , he said . He said he `` passionately believed in the importance of respecting talent and in the rights of all those who perform , create , produce and invest in music '' . The IFPI has been at the forefront of the campaign to counter illegal music sharing and pursuing the biggest offenders . IFPI chief executive Frances Moore said Domingo was an artist who `` speaks from the heart about the issues that matter to him '' . `` His forceful advocacy for the intellectual property rights of the music sector comes at a pivotal moment , as governments in many countries consider new legislation to curb piracy and help develop the legitimate digital music business , '' Moore added .	Opera singer Placido Domingo is taking a leading role the fight against music piracy after becoming chairman of the global body representing record labels .
Simeon Denny had admitted using cannabis and drinking alcohol before the crash last August . He drove through a red light at 60mph , hitting Carol Jones as she drove to work at the town 's police station . The 29-year-old was jailed at York Crown Court for five years , nine months . He was also banned from driving for six and a half years . Denny , of Pontefract , West Yorkshire , pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and driving over the prescribed limit for both alcohol and cannabis at an earlier hearing . More stories from around Yorkshire North Yorkshire Police said Denny was driving a BMW 1 Series at high speed on 14 August when he collided with Mrs Jones ' car . Investigations found he did not try to brake , hitting Mrs Jones ' vehicle at the junction of Otley Road and Cold Bath Road . Mrs Jones , who was a member of police staff , died at the scene . Ch Con Dave Jones said : `` We all still feel the loss of our friend and colleague Carol , who was a valued member of our policing family . `` She embodied the values of the policing service . She carried out her job and served her community with commitment , integrity and enthusiasm and was a credit to the force . ''	A man has been jailed for more than five years for causing the death of a woman in a crash in Harrogate .
North Wales Police was called to reports of a disturbance in the Woodland Road West area of Colwyn Bay at 02:30 BST on Saturday . A local man , 23 , was taken to Ysbyty Glan Clwyd with serious injuries before being transferred to hospital in Stoke . A Llandudno Junction man , 18 , and a 27-year-old , from Mochdre , will appear before Llandudno magistrates on Monday . The pair , who were both charged with attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon in a public place , have been remanded in custody . Police said the man in hospital is in a stable condition . Det Insp Jackie Downes said : `` We would like to thank those members of the community who have assisted us so far , and we continue to appeal to anybody who may have information in relation to this incident to contact us . ''	Two men have been charged with attempted murder after an incident in Conwy county .
Pupils from 23 schools joined students at Wellesley House School in Broadstairs to speak to the astronaut on the International Space Station ( ISS ) . It was the seventh in a series of UK-wide events designed to inspire scientific interest in pupils . The astronaut is on a six-month mission for the European Space Agency . On Sunday , he is set to run the equivalent of the London Marathon on a treadmill on board the ISS . Initially , the group struggled to make audio contact with the astronaut , whose face appeared on a screen on the stage . Victoria Neilson , spokeswoman for Wellesley House School , said : `` It was extraordinary ... like one of those movies when they are trying to make contact . '' She added : `` It was very exciting for everyone '' . The project is a collaboration between Amateur Radio on the ISS ( ARISS ) , the Radio Society of Great Britain , the UK Space Agency and the European Space Agency .	Schoolchildren in Kent have quizzed astronaut Tim Peake about space in a live webcast .
The fire started in a bedroom shortly before 14:00 GMT on Thursday in Fifth Avenue , Chelmsford . A fire service investigation found the sun 's reflection hit a mirror `` causing an intense beam of heat to catch fire to nearby curtains or clothing '' . The first floor was left damaged by both fire and smoke . Station officer Stephen Harrison said : `` To minimise the risk of fire it 's important to make sure mirrors and other reflective objects such as crystal and glass ornaments should be kept out of direct sunlight . '' The couple involved were unharmed .	An elderly couple was left homeless after a fire was started by the sun being reflected into their house by a mirror , it has emerged .
The 26 shortlisted projects in this year 's competition were selected from across 10 categories . The overall winner of the Future Project Awards and a number of additional special prizes will be announced at an awards ceremony and gala dinner in Cannes on Wednesday , 16 March 2016 .	The MIPIM Architectural Review Future Project Awards focus exclusively on proposed builds or incomplete projects .
The 15-year-old 's body was found on a school playing field in Flint in 1976 . A man was jailed for 12 years after admitting manslaughter . However in September 2016 , Stephen Hough , 57 , was charged with her rape and murder . Police voluntarily referred the case to the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) . The IPCC will look at whether officers in the initial investigation acted in accordance with the rules in place at the time relating to the detention and interviewing of suspects . It will also investigate how the force handled new information that came to light in 2006 . IPCC Commissioner for Wales , Jan Williams , said : `` This will be a complex investigation not least because of the passage of time , but it is important for all concerned that we independently investigate the case . ''	Police watchdogs are investigating how North Wales Police handled the inquiry into the rape and murder of schoolgirl Janet Commins over 40 years ago .
The six-year-old won four races at Group One level , including the King George VI Stakes at Ascot and the Coronation Cup at Epsom . He was trained first by Luca Cumani and more recently by Roger Varian . Varian said he was `` very grateful to Postponed for proving such a willing and talented ally '' . BBC racing correspondent Cornelius Lysaght As well as being amongst Flat racing 's major talents , Postponed was also central to one of its most surprising controversies . Soon after success in a thrilling King George in 2015 , the horse was switched - for many , inexplicably - from trainer Luca Cumani by owner Sheikh Obaid al Maktoum . Still ridden by jockey Andrea Atzeni , with whom the horse won all his major prizes , he continued to thrive with new trainer Roger Varian in the spring and summer of 2016 , but had no more wins after York in August . Varian has called him `` magnificent '' and there 's no argument with that .	One of Flat racing 's most successful horses , Postponed , has been retired after suffering a stress fracture to one of his legs .
9 February 2016 Last updated at 13:29 GMT The survey , carried out by Comres , found a massive 78 % of those in this age group had a social media account . That is despite rules for many sites requiring people to be 13 or over to sign up . Even though the survey found most people felt happy when using social networking sites - it also showed many did not always have such a great time .	One in five 10 to 12-year-olds with a social media account said they had been bullied or trolled online , according to a Newsround survey .
Mr Bush , 90 , was admitted to hospital on Tuesday after suffering from a shortness of breath . His spokesman Jim McGrath said his condition had improved and doctors were `` discussing dates for his discharge '' . Mr Bush , who was president from 1989 to 1993 , was visited by family on Christmas Day . Two years ago , Mr Bush was treated in the same hospital for more than two months for a bronchitis-related cough and other issues . He is the oldest living former US president and a World War II veteran . He can no longer use his legs , but in June celebrated his 90th birthday by making a tandem parachute jump . His son George W Bush served as president from 2001 to 2009 . Another son , Jeb , said this month he will `` actively explore the possibility of running for president '' in 2016 .	Former US President George Bush Sr will remain in hospital this weekend but could be discharged soon , his spokesman says .
3 August 2016 Last updated at 19:34 BST The friend , who asked not to be identified , said Amina Al-Jeffery sent her messages asking for help . Earlier on Wednesday , the High Court in London ruled that she must be allowed to return . Amina Al-Jeffery claimed her father had locked her up against her will . Her father Mohammed , said he did it to `` save her life '' . Watch Secunder Kermani 's full report on BBC Newsnight at 22:30 BST on BBC Two , or catch up afterwards on iPlayer	A friend of Amina Al-Jeffery - a British-Saudi woman who has won a court case allowing her to return to the UK - says she described her time there as `` like a prison '' .
Shadow 's ordeal in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis began at about 02:00 on Monday . Three attempts were made to coax her off the roof with food and `` gentle encouragement '' , said the Scottish SPCA . After it started raining heavily , firefighters were called and managed to get Shadow off the roof and reunite her with her owners . Maggie Adkins , an auxiliary inspector with the SSPCA , said , `` After three attempts of trying to coax her down with food and gentle encouragement it was clear that she was getting more and more anxious . `` The heavens opened so we called the fire brigade in for help and they successfully got all four of Shadow 's paws back on the ground . '' She added : `` We 'd like to take this opportunity to thank the fire brigade again for their assistance . ''	A cat got itself stuck on a roof for 12 hours after scaling a drainpipe while being chased by a dog .
The ocean liner , which was built by engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel and launched in 1843 , has been added to a roll call of designated collections . It is one of four new collections to be added to the 140-strong list . The Arts Council describes its designations as an accolade which celebrates `` unique collections of national and international importance '' . Phil Gibby from the Arts Council said the recognition for the ss Great Britain Trust Collection `` highlights the extraordinary wealth of the South West 's cultural heritage '' . Since 1970 , the steamship has been docked in Bristol where it was built , after a lifetime which included travelling a million miles at sea and circumnavigating the world 32 times . Now a visitor attraction , the ship is situated beside the Brunel Institute , which offers the chance to study Victorian maritime technology , the history of 19th Century emigration , and the work of Isambard Kingdom Brunel . Matthew Tanner , chief executive of the ss Great Britain Trust , said : `` This is a great and important accolade for the ss Great Britain Trust Collections . `` I am extremely proud to care for a nationally-designated collection and also of the entire team who look after it and ensure it is accessible for everybody , everyday . ''	The historical ss Great Britain in Bristol has been awarded a mark of distinction by the Arts Council .
The 27-year-old joined the Saints in summer 2014 from FC Twente and has since scored 13 goals for them . `` The club showed a lot of effort to keep me , '' he said . `` There were also other possibilities . `` But , we recognised that the best is that I stay in Southampton , and I want to mention they put in a lot of effort for that , and I appreciate that . '' Southampton host Watford in their opening game of the Premier League season on Saturday at 15:00 BST .	Southampton forward Dusan Tadic has signed a new four-year contract at the club .
Cave will captain the A team in the British & Irish Cup game against London Scottish at Kingspan ( 19:00 GMT ) . Gilroy , fit again after an ankle injury , will start at wing for the A side with Diack named at lock . The A side also includes Rob Lyttle and Ricky Lutton .	Craig Gilroy , Robbie Diack and Darren Cave will not feature in Ulster 's vital European Champions Cup game against Exeter on Sunday as they will be on duty for Ulster A on Friday night .
The 31-year-old forward will link up with former team-mate Steve Saviano who signed for the Giants last week . Both players iced for HC Bolzano of the Austrian Hockey League last season and Foster is excited to join the team . `` I have heard nothing but great things about the fans , the hockey and the city from former team-mates and this was an offer I just could not turn down , '' Foster stated . Foster played Division One NCAA hockey for Bowling Green State University , where he was named in the Second All-Star team following 82 points scored in 72 games played . Following University , Foster spent six seasons in Toronto and posted 163 points in 337 games played for the Marlies where he captained the American Hockey League organisation and also earned himself a call-up to the NHL 's Toronto Maple Leafs in 2008 . `` Whatever needs to be done - I am willing to step up and do that , '' he said . `` I fully plan to be looked on to win games , be on the powerplay as well as involved in any last-minute situations . ''	The Belfast Giants have made American Alex Foster their latest signing .
The Corsican club were also given a suspended one-point deduction by a Ligue 1 disciplinary committee . It said the sanctions were imposed for `` shouts with racist connotations towards Balotelli , use of pyrotechnic devices and intrusion of supporters '' . Bastia have banned one fan caught on camera making monkey gestures . Former Manchester City and Liverpool player Balotelli , 26 , reported the abuse following the 1-1 draw last month . Afterwards he posted on social media : `` Is it normal that Bastia supporters make monkey noises for the whole game and nobody from the 'discipline commission ' says anything ? `` So is racism legal in France ? Or only in Bastia ? Football is an amazing sport , but people like Bastia supporters make it horrible . Truly a disgrace . '' Balotelli was sent off for the third time this season as third-placed Nice won 1-0 at bottom club Lorient last weekend .	French side Bastia have been ordered to close part of their stadium for three matches after some supporters racially abused Nice striker Mario Balotelli .
He has been charged with qualification for the Commonwealth Games in 2018 and will work closely with Scotland 's only professional team , Glasgow Rocks . Olson has also been given the task of finding players capable of playing for Scotland and Team GB in the future . He has previously coached sides in Australia , Iceland and United States and played for Falkirk Fury . Olson said : `` To me , this is not an overnight success story but a story in which we will continue to see high-level players come out of the national team and now Rocks programme for years to come . `` We now have an elite model within Scotland and , with the Rocks partnership , we will be able to directly implement a proper training method to allow not only our young players but also key national team players the environment they need to develop and eventually turn into elite players themselves . '' A former shooting guard , Olson helped take Fury to their Scottish Cup title in 2009 before moving to play for Wagga Heat of the Australian Waratah League . He was awarded Eurobasket Icelandic Coach of the Year in 2015 as his side , FSu Academy Iceland , were crowned play-off champions and won promotion to the Premier League . Olson has also been involved in the USA Under-18 select squad and the Icelandic national team .	Scotland have appointed American Erik Olson as their new national basketball coach on a two-year contract .
The event usually attracts about 35,000 people to the city 's Golden Mile on Belgrave Road . Leicester City Council estimated it was a record crowd on Sunday , in the heart of the city 's south Asian area . The Diwali events in Leicester are believed to be among the biggest celebrations outside India . Fireworks and a `` fire garden '' of decorative flames were staged in Cossington Park . For the first time a 100ft ( 30m ) Ferris wheel was set up on Belgrave Road . Leicestershire Chief Constable Simon Cole , who was at the event , said : `` I ca n't believe the crowd is absolutely enormous ... There are , I think , the most people I 've ever seen here . `` The big wheel looks spectacular and the shows have stepped up a notch . `` This is fantastic - even the police officers here are having a good time , that 's how good it is . '' For the first time , the Diwali event will take place over a fortnight after the celebrations were described as `` stale bread '' earlier this year . There will be new activities in the city centre , in libraries and museums and at the football stadium . The council said this year 's Diwali would be `` bigger and brighter than ever '' .	About 37,000 people attended Leicester 's annual Diwali lights switch-on , making it a record turnout , organisers have said .
Robert Parry of Trefor , Anglesey , admitted 18 charges of abuse , including the attempted rape of the girl when she was 12-years-old . Parry was placed on the sex offenders ' register for life following the hearing at Caernarfon Crown Court on Wednesday . Sentencing the 69-year-old , Judge Huw Rees said : `` You effectively robbed them of their childhood . '' The court heard how Parry told police he was as a sex addict and in need of help . Elen Owen . prosecuting , said : `` He said he did n't get gratification but a buzz . '' Dafydd Roberts , defending , said Parry wished to make a public apology for his `` reprehensible behaviour . ''	A 69-year-old man who sexually abused a girl and boy over a period of several years has been jailed for 13 years .
Junel Miah , 28 , of Magazine Road , Ashford , was convicted of causing the death by dangerous driving of Danyl Ponsford , 26 , following a trial at Canterbury Crown Court . Miah was driving at 75mph in a 30mph zone when his Volkswagen Golf collided with Mr Ponsford 's Toyota Celica in Ashford on 30 September 2013 . He will be sentenced in January . Det Sgt Scott Lynch said : `` If [ Miah ] had been driving at the correct speed , and obeying the law , the collision would never have taken place . `` Miah 's driving that night was a significant risk to other road users and his indifference to others has cost a young man his life . `` Danyl was a well-known and popular young man in his community who had everything to live for but his life was tragically cut short . ''	A driver has been found guilty of killing a motorist while he was driving at more than double the speed limit .
The 26-year-old made his Scotland debut in 2013 , playing in 23 one-day internationals and 13 T20 matches . He featured at the 2015 World Cup and the World Twenty20 in 2016 . `` Following medical advice , my long-term health is most important to me and I have to take that into account , '' said Machan , who has been with Sussex since the age of 10 . `` Playing for Scotland brings so much joy and pride to me and the thought of not being able to do that again is a very hard pill to swallow . `` Playing in two World Cups against the very best players is undoubtedly the highlight of my career . I take away memories and friendships that will last a lifetime and for that I am very thankful . '' Averaging 33 in ODIs and 40 at T20 level , Machan also took nine ODI wickets with his offspin and five in international T20s . A career-best score of 192 came for Sussex against Somerset at Taunton in 2015 , one of three centuries hit that season .	Scotland and Sussex batsman Matt Machan has been forced to retire because of a wrist injury .
A reading at the US embassy in Beijing on Tuesday put levels of harmful microscopic particles at 634 micrograms per cubic metre , compared with the World Health Organisation 's maximum recommended limit of 25 micrograms per cubic metre . China 's ministry of environmental protection said the smog was due to `` unfavourable '' weather . The following images show how different street scenes were a month ago .	China 's capital continues to be enveloped in a thick smog that has forced school closures and sparked warnings to some citizens to stay inside .
But Paramount Pictures insisted that Mission : Impossible 6 remained on schedule to open in July next year . Cruise was hurt while filming a jump between two high-rise buildings in London at the weekend . A video shows him crashing into a wall . He was later seen limping off the set . Cruise , 55 , is well known for doing his own stunts . In a statement , Paramount said : `` During production on the latest Mission : Impossible film , Tom Cruise broke his ankle while performing a stunt . `` Production will go on hiatus while Tom makes a full recovery , and the film remains on schedule to open July 27 , 2018 . `` Tom wants to thank you all for your concern and support and ca n't wait to share the film with everyone next summer . ''	The film studio behind the Mission : Impossible series has confirmed that production of its latest instalment has been halted after actor Tom Cruise broke his ankle during a stunt .
A woman was held at knifepoint by a man wearing a balaclava between 19:45 and 20:10 GMT in Harcourt Hill , Oxford . She was then taken to Raleigh Park and raped by the man who was about 30 , muscular , white and under 6ft ( 180cm ) . Thames Valley Police are still on the hunt for the rapist after they released a 38-year-old man on Wednesday evening . The police are no longer linking the rape to a car crash in Wytham on Tuesday evening . Detectives have asked anyone who saw any suspicious activity around Raleigh Park or Harcourt Hill , near the Oxford Brookes University campus , on Tuesday evening to come forward . They have also asked the public to notify police of vehicles `` being driven erratically '' on the A34 northbound and near Botley or Wytham after 20:30 GMT on Tuesday . Detective Inspector Jim Holmes said : `` Perhaps you saw items being thrown from a vehicle on the A34 during that evening . `` If you did then we also want to hear from you . '' Police have said there will be an `` increased police presence in the area '' and officers will be conducting house-to-house inquiries .	A man suspected of committing a knifepoint rape on Tuesday has been released without charge .
Five fire crews , an aerial platform and a water bowser have been sent to the blaze at the Severn Arms Hotel in Penybont , near Llandrindod Wells . They were called to the incident at the Grade II-listed Elizabethan building at 15:30 BST , closing the A44 road . People were in the hotel at the time the fire broke-out , but Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said everyone has been accounted for . Firefighters said an aerial drone has also being sent to the scene to carry out a survey of the 10-bedroom building . Teams are continuing to cool blaze hotspots at the site and are expected to remain in the area for the time being . The fire service confirmed no-one had been injured in the incident .	Firefighters are continuing to tackle a large blaze at a hotel in Powys .
Scott Diver , 16 , was last seen at about 14:45 on Saturday 17 September at his home in Second Avenue . Police Scotland said a body found in a wooded area at Old Kilpatrick last week had been identified as the missing teenager . The death is not being treated as suspicious and a report has been sent to the procurator fiscal . In a statement , Police Scotland said : `` Around 13:00 hours on Thursday 3 November , police were called to a report of the body of a young man found within a wooded area near to Old Kilpatrick . `` Sadly , the body has now been formally identified as that of Scott Diver who had been missing from his home in Clydebank since Saturday 17 September . Relatives are aware . '' Scott , who moved to Scotland from the Isle of Man three years ago , was captured on CCTV walking through nearby Dalmuir Park on the afternoon of his disappearance . His family later made public appeals for him to get in touch .	The body of a teenager who was reported missing in Clydebank nearly two months ago has been found in nearby woods .
Hannah Pearson 's body was found at a house in Newark , Nottinghamshire , last July , after she had gone there with James Morton , 24 . Mr Morton told a jury at Nottingham Crown Court he was curious about putting his hands round a girl 's neck , having seen it in a film . He insisted his actions were consensual and the death an accident . The court heard Ms Pearson and her boyfriend had met Mr Morton that day , but only she accompanied him back to the house . After drinking he said he settled her down fully clothed to go to sleep but they started kissing and she agreed to him putting his hands on her neck . Defence lawyer Shaun Smith QC asked Mr Morton : `` When you put your hands round Heather Pearson 's neck did you mean to do her any harm ? '' Mr Morton replied : `` Not at all '' `` Was it your intention to kill her ? '' Mr Smith asked . `` Not at all '' replied Mr Morton . `` Was there any reason you wanted her dead ? '' `` No '' The prosecution has claimed Mr Morton increasingly enjoyed the sensation of strangling women even though he knew it was dangerous . The trial continues .	A man has denied murdering a 16-year-old girl , telling a court he had no reason to want her to die .
